start "scrapper"
	name "Pirate Scrapper"
	description `You never knew who your parents were and for most of your life you remembered you were a crew abroad a pirate warship. You've dreamed of owning a starship ever since. One day the captain went into a fight with other gang at the bar and with the situation worsening every second you decided to save yourself and dash off with some of his fortune you managed to grab amidst the chaos.`
	description `	Though it wasn't much you got enough to get yourself a ship, if you can call that.`
	thumbnail "thumbnail/scrapper thumb"
	date 16 11 3013
	system "Shaula"
	planet "Greenrock"
	conversation "pirate scrapper intro"
	account
		credits 12568
		score 400
	ship "Scrapper"
		name "Flying Coffin"
		sprite "ship/scrapper"
		thumbnail "thumbnail/scrapper thumb"
		attributes
			category "Interceptor"
			"cost" 60000
			"shields" 450
			"hull" 520
			"required crew" 1
			"bunks" 4
			"mass" 61
			"drag" 1.25
			"heat dissipation" .8
			"fuel capacity" 300
			"cargo space" 22
			"outfit space" 125
			"weapon capacity" 12
			"engine capacity" 58
			weapon
				"blast radius" 10
				"shield damage" 80
				"hull damage" 50
				"hit force" 140
		outfits
			"Twin Blaster"
			
			"nGVF-AA Fuel Cell"
			"LP036a Battery Pack"
			"D14-RN Shield Generator"
			
			"X2700 Ion Thruster"
			"X2200 Ion Steering"
			"Hyperdrive"
			
		engine -6 30
		engine 6 30
		gun 0 -31
		leak "leak" 60 50
		explode "tiny explosion" 10
		explode "small explosion" 5
		description "Scrapper is less of a ship model but rather a category of old shuttle parts barely held together that some might call a ship."
	set "Start: Pirate"
	set "Start: Pirate (Scrapper)"
	"reputation: Pirate" = 1
	"reputation: Merchant" = -1
	"reputation: Militia" = -1
	"reputation: Free Worlds" = -1
	"reputation: Republic" = -1
	"reputation: Syndicate" = -1

mission "Scrapper: Pirate Start"
	landing
	invisible
	to offer
		has "Start: Pirate (Scrapper)"
	on offer
		event "Scrapper: Pirate Start"
		"reputation: Pirate" = 1
		"reputation: Merchant" = -1
		"reputation: Militia" = -1
		"reputation: Free Worlds" = -1
		"reputation: Republic" = -1
		"reputation: Syndicate" = -1

event "Scrapper: Pirate Start"
	government "Escort"
		swizzle 6

conversation "pirate scrapper intro"
	#scene "scene/loc3"
	scene "thumbnail/scrapper thumb"
	`Dashing away from the commotion at the bar with a bag of credit chips you stole from your now-previous boss, you head straight to the shipyard to get your first ship. You find the ship dealer and ask for the cheapest ship you can get. He said he'll show you and walk you through rows of large warships you can't even guess the price. He stopped in front of what's almost a pile of rusting scrap barely held together by some bolts and poor welds completely dwarfed by pretty much everything else, the ship dealer point at it saying that's the cheapest one. You asked for a better ship but turns out the next least expensive one was almost double the money, way more than what you got right now. So in the end you'll have to settle for the Scrapper.`
	`	You check everything inside the ship to make sure it works before paying for it, just to make sure. Once you hand the dealer the money you get inside your new ship and fly it to the spaceport. Thanks to your previous experience as a ship crew observing how others operate it didn't took too long for you to figure out. The old crews used to call you by some random derogatory names and never really gave you an actual name. Now that you're your own boss you should give yourself a name...`
	name
	`	With your fate now in your hand you brace yourself and head off to make yourself the life you want among the stars...`