#	Systems
outfit "P-26 Screen"
	cost 270000
	mass 13
	"outfit space" -13
	"shield generation" .49
	"shield energy" .53
	"shield heat" .06
	category "Systems"
	description "A sophisticated piece of equipment which is utilized for protecting the Aben capital, this particular regenerator is put to use by shielding individual buildings, particularly large or more crucial buildings specifically. This small generator can be used in conjunction with a much larger version, roughly ten times larger, which is capable of encompassing entire districts."
	thumbnail "outfit/unknown"
outfit "P-72 Safeguard"
	cost 3222000
	mass 136
	"outfit space" -136
	"shield generation" 5.7
	"shield energy" 6.4
	"shield heat" 1.15
	category "Systems"
	description "A much larger spin on the P-26 Screen, which is much more powerful at the cost of an even more expensive running cost. Often utilized in the precautionary service of shielding entire districts as the mainline defense against possible alien incursion into the capital."
	description "For a very hefty size, this shield regenerator can shield you from much of what any single ship can throw at you. For extended or more dire conflicts, however, it may not be worth relying on to save you from the oncoming onslaught."
	thumbnail "outfit/unknown"
#	Power
outfit "E-18 Distributor"
	cost 98200
	mass 9
	"outfit space" -9
	"energy capacity" 6345
	category "Power"
	description "One of the Abens' more accomplished works, an incredibly dense battery array that outclasses batteries of human design by almost double the capacity. All districts run off of the city electrical grid as a primary supply and have additional Distributors as a secondary supply in the event of a crisis, there are multiple fail safes to maintain working order throughout the capital in any event."
	thumbnail "outfit/unknown"
outfit "G-76 Plant"
	cost 1980000
	mass 38
	"outfit space" -38
	"energy generation" 6.35
	"heat generation" 14
	category "Power"
	description "A relatively feeble reactor used to complement the larger G-82 Station in any scenario. Often employed in pairs throughout the capital to take the burden off of the various E-18 Distributors in case of emergency, the output from each of these reactors is connected both to the electrical grid and the nearby district."
	thumbnail "outfit/unknown"
outfit "G-82 Station"
	cost 6950000
	mass 91
	"outfit space" -91
	"energy generation" 16.5
	"heat generation" 34
	category "Power"
	description "The largest manufactured reactor by the Aben is the G-82 Station, designed to generate enough power to support a typical residential district in the capital on its own. There are various locations where there are up to a half dozen of these Stations in general proximity as a local supply for the city-wide electrical grid. These locations are allowed up to three times the typical building allowance for P-26 Screens, as it doesn't need explaining why it's so important that these locations are adequately defended."
	thumbnail "outfit/unknown"
