outfit "Spartan cryo-chamber"
	category "Special"
	cost 1500000
	thumbnail "outfit/cryo"
	"mass" 10
	"outfit space" -10
	"bunks" -5
	"energy consumption" 1.5
	"cooling inefficiency" 0.9
	"capture attack" 27
	"capture defense" 35
	"unplunderable" 1
	description "A cryo-chamber containing one of the mighty spartans within it. These superhuman soldiers possess many augmentations and a special that make a single one of them capable of taking down entire squadrons of enemies. In order to keep them in peak condition at all times they are kept in these chambers, usually placed near the barracks, when they are not in active service, keeping the chambers active requires some energy and ofcourse cooling, but many consider this worth it."

outfit "Shotgun"
	category "Hand to Hand"
	cost 60000
	thumbnail "outfit/shotgun"
	"capture attack" 1.9
	"capture defense" 3
	"unplunderable" 1
	description "Formally known as the M45 close assault weapon system, this 8 gauge, pump action shotgun is perfect for any close-combat scenario, especially boarding actions with its attached flashlight which always comes in handy within the dark corridors and hallways of the dissabled ships and their oftenly non-functional generators."

outfit "A.I Matrix"
	category "Special"
	cost 2000000
	thumbnail "outfit/ai"
	"mass" 12
	"outfit space" -12
	"required crew" -40
	"energy consumption" 4
	"tactical scan power" 60
	"ion protection" 0.2
	"disruption protection" 0.1
	"shield generation multiplier" 0.1
	"A.I. capacity" -1
	"unplunderable" 1
	description "These are created using a human brain as a base which gets destroyed during the incredibly complex process of creating them. The resulting A.I. possess not only an icredible memory and processing power, but also the capacity of learning at an incredible pace, and reaching a level of knowledge that far exceeds that of a human being."
	description "Due to their complex nature not every ship is capable of housing one of them, due to a special hardware and set of systems being required for this, but once istalled they provide an incredible tactical advantage to any ship, since they are able to perform many taks, from automating many crew jobs to re-routing energy to the main systems in case of an energy or shield malfuction."

outfit "Slipspace Drive"
	category "Systems"
	cost 1000000
	thumbnail "outfit/slips"
	"mass" 30
	"hyperdrive" 1
	"outfit space" -30
	"jump speed" 1
	"jump fuel" 150
	"jump drive" 1
	description "The Shaw-Fujikawa Slipspace Drive is probably one of mankind's greaters archivements. Through the use of high-power cyclic particle accelerators, the drive creates a rupture between normal space and the eleven-dimensional space known as the slipstream, where all distances are 'crushed' together and reduced, allowing to travel inter-stellar distances in the matter of hours or days." 