mission "Monopod transport"
		name "Monopod to Skymoot"
		description "This monopod has finaly found someone generous enough to take him and his family to Skymoot in the Hadar system. You. Payment is 100000 credits."
		source "Imatai"
		destination "Skymoot"
		passengers 6
		cargo "monopod luggage" 2
		to offer
			has "MP10 Educational Materials b: done"
		on offer
				conversation
						`As you walk out of your ship, a monopod quickly thumps up to you.
						`	"'scuse me sir, I've been trying to find someone to take me and my family to the free world planet Skymoot, but no one wants to. I'll offer you 100000 if you would take us with our luggage."`
						choice
								`	"Of course!"`
								`	"Sorry I'm doing other jobs right now."`
									decline
			
						`	"Thank you so much!" He says, and hops of. half an hour later, his family are shoving their suitcases into your cargo hold, and getting ready for the flight.`
							accept
		on complete
			payment 100000
			dialog "'Thank you Captain <last>!' The monopod says as he shakes your hand. 'Without your help we would never have got here!' he then quickly looks around the landing pad as if to make sure no one is listning. 'Captain.' he wispers to you 'I think I can trust you. I'm not just here to see the sights, I'm here for human technology. If you want to learn more, meet me in the spaceport later. he then hops off to help his family unload their luggage."


mission "human tech transport"
		repeat
		name "human tech transport"
		description "Ilegaly transport human tech to Imatai."
		source "Skymoot"
		destination "Imatai"
		passengers 1
		cargo "human tech" 25
		to offer
			has "MP10 Educational Materials b: done"
		on offer
				conversation
						`You quickly spot your friend the monopod sitting at a table at the back of the room. You sit down beside him. he looks around to make sure no one is too close, and then he starts to talk.`
						`	"I'm a member of a science club on Imatai, and we despretly want human tech to study. We sent someone here to get some a few weeks ago but he came back empty handed. No one wants to have us studying human tech and making better versions of them to keep for ourselves. So I've been sent to sneek some things of the planet. I'll need transport back to Imatai. could you be that transport?"`
						choice
								`	"Sure!"`
								`	"Sorry, I won't say anything about what your doing to anyone but I don't want to help you sneek things off the planet."`
									decline
						`	The monopod looks up at you with a big smile on his face. "Thank you Captain <last>, I think I've ahh... found... what I need by now, so we can leave whenever you want! Oh, by the way, my family will be staying here for a holiday, so you'll only have me on the trip back.`
							accept
		on complete
			payment 100000
			dialog "'Thank you Captain <last>! heres another hundred thousand for all your help!' The monopod says, he then hops off to unload his special cargo."



