conversation "intro"
	scene "scene/lobby"
	`The bank located near the main spaceport is like something out of a dream. Even it's architecture is what you would have called "futuristic" back when you dreamed that the future would be less squalid than the present: story above story of curves and spires and balconies, all in gleaming metal. A doorman stands by each of the heavy glass doors. You are wearing your very best clothes, but you feel shabby next to them.`
	`	The loan broker's office is equally intimidating. Large computer monitors fill the walls, with stock quotes and other information spilling down them almost too fast to read. You occasionally glimpse the names of places that you have only seen in movies: Aldebaran. Tarazed. Valhalla.`
	`	The pen is heavy as lead but glides almost without friction as you print your initials on the bottom of page after page of ominous legal documents and sign several dozen statements, notices, and agreements. The banker, a middle-aged woman in a dress that you suspect costs more than the spaceship you are about to purchase, flips the pages past you quickly, uttering a curt, "Sign here. Now here," as she points to each page. She moves swiftly, mechanically.`
	`	The only moment when she becomes truly animated is when explaining the Truth in Lending statement to you. "You are borrowing 480,000 credits," she says, "to be repaid over the course of one year. Your daily interest rate is 0.4%, which means that your daily payments are 2503 credits, and by the end of the year you will have paid... 434,000 credits in interest. Sign here." She grins.`
	`	You sign your name one final time:`
	name
	`	The elevator is so well-tuned that you do not even realize it is moving until it has deposited you back in the lobby. But as you leave the bank, you are smiling. This crazy adventure suddenly feels real to you. You are going to do it. You are finally going to get your own ship.`
	`	Compared to the bank, you feel much more at home in the shipyard, walking among the rusted out hulks and newer ships that gleam in the sunlight. You smell grease and rocket fuel; wonderful smells. There are three hyperspace capable ship models within your price range. It's time to make a decision; Shuttle, Sparrow, or Star Barge? Which one you choose will determine your future...`
