planet "Arx"
	description `Pristine lands with carved mountains and curiously overgrown flora. In place of the horizon of typical worlds, naturally, the lands gradually rise into a faded silhouette showing off the inspiring scale of the structure.`
	description `The creators of the ring seemed to have put great importance on the pristine scenery, great bodies of water bordered by rocky cliffsides and tall plateaus. It's an idyllic place to be.`
	description `Unlike Quarg ringworlds, circadian shaders are employed to provide a steady circadian rhythm for the surface. A close flyover of the shaders will reveal that they bear massive arrays of solar panels inwards towards the star. The days here are noticeably longer than any typical planet, undeniably by design.`
	landscape "landscape/ringworld"
planet "Huer"
	government "Uninhabited"
	description `The snow-capped peaks along the equator offer some of the most suitable lodgings. Ruins of ancient infrastructure lie in overgrowth, and the lands have shifted and collapsed much of the foundations.`
	description `Remarkably on a flyover of the land there are no signs of fauna, big or small. The oceans are teeming with creatures who move in large pods, some creatures that are only partially submerged lay on the water surface, large enough to be mistaken as small land masses.`
	landscape "landscape/snowcap"
planet "Slic Airn"
	description `Your ears feel like they are constantly on the verge of popping because it is such a stark contrast to the underlying hum or grinding of any other space station you have visited. It is obviously ancient, but there are no signs of current habitation despite residing in such a high traffic system. You can make out some crude, archaic carvings on some of the walls which most are flagrant human phrases, figures that pirates leave their mark on this place.`
	description `	The docks are remarkably clean, though likely pillaged by some opportunist and not cleared by design. Some structural supports oddly seem like they are peeling, very noticeably. The layer underneath the missing surface has a very bright metallic sheen presenting in all sorts of diffracted colors.`
	government "Uninhabited"
	landscape "land/station11"
wormhole "Slic Airn"
	"display name" "Slic Airn"
	color .71 .38 .38
	link "Waypoint" "Waypoint "
	link "Waypoint " "Waypoint"
	mappable