outfit "Hunter License"
	category "Special"
	thumbnail "outfit/hunter license"
	description "The Republic Navy compensates law abiding citizens for disabling or destroying pirates.  While it doesn't pay as well as bounty hunting, merchants can get paid for at least disabling pirate ships.  Some merchants don't have the ruthlessness required to fire the last shot while others hope they can get the last hit in so they can easily make some extra credits."

conversation PHNLicense
	"Upon landing you recieved instruction to report to the information desk."
	choice
		"    Go and wait at the information desk."
			goto "long wait"
		"    Ignore the instruction."
			decline
	label "long wait"
	"    After waiting for a considerable amount of time, a representative of the Navy asks to meet with you in an office along the side of the building. While he had the appearance of a Navy Officer, he gives the vibe of a starship salesmen."
	scene scene/phoffice
	"    After 20 minutes of him going on and on about benefits but how the Navy isn't responsible for mistakes, you interrupt his speech and ask him what this is about."
	"    He sighs and picks up a card off his desk and hands it to you."
	`    "The Navy will compensate you for any pirates you disable or destroy. Your ship automatically reported which ships you disabled or destroyed when you landed, but you weren't registered, and now you are.  In the future you'll have the funds automatically added to your account whenever you land, we won't bother notifying you about it."`
	`    Uncharacteristically of a Navy officer, the salesrep seems board, and leans back in his chair with his arms folded. He sighs and says "I didn't have time to manually process your first commission and I still don't have the time. Next time you land on a planet with a starport, you'll see any credits you're owed show up. You are free to go."`
	"You leave the office and resume what you came here to do."
		accept
mission "phBounty"
	invisible
	landing
	repeat
	source
		attributes "spaceport"
	to offer
		"reputation: phBountyPending" > 0
		not "license: Hunter"
	on offer
		conversation PHNLicense 
	on decline
		"reputation: phBountyPending" = 0
	on accept
		set "license: Hunter"
	destination Earth