government "Quarogue"
	swizzle 0
	color .88 .77 0	
	"player reputation" 1
	"attitude toward"
		"Merchant" .01
		"Kor Efret" .01
		"Kor Mereti" -.01
		"Kor Sestor" -.01
		"Hai" .01
		" Hai " .01
		"Pirate" 1
		"Coalition" -50
		"Heliarch" -50
	"hostile hail" "hostile quarg"
	"hostile disabled hail" "hostile quarg"

planet "Ring of Power"
	shipyard "Heliarch Full"
	outfitter "Heliarch Full"
	
outfit "Heliarch License"
	category "Special"
	thumbnail "outfit/coalition license"
	description "Defeated a Quarg raid fleet and received permission to purchase military technology and ships."
	
shipyard "Heliarch Full"
	"Heliarch Interdictor"
	"Heliarch Neutralizer"
	"Heliarch Punisher"
	
outfitter "Heliarch Full"
	"Small Reactor Module"
	"Large Reactor Module"
	"Overcharged Shield Module"
	"Overclocked Repair Module"
	"Scanning Module"
	"Bombardment Cannon"
	"Bombardment Turret"
	"Finisher Pod"
	"Finisher Torpedo"
	"Heliarch Attractor"
	"Heliarch Repulsor"
	"Ion Hail Turret"
	"Ion Rain Gun"
	"Enforcer Riot Staff"
	"Enforcer Confrontation Gear"

mission "Coalition: Heliarch Member 1"
	landing
	name "Meet with the Heliarchs"
	description "Return to the <planet> to see if the Heliarchs have any further employment for you."
	to offer
		"coalition jobs" >= 50
	source
		government "Coalition"
	destination "Ring of Friendship"
	on offer
		conversation
			`A Heliarch agent contacts you soon after you land, and says, "A unique tool you have, and greatly helpful you have been. The Heliarchs desire your assistance, and further rights and status shall be your return."`
				accept
	on complete
		"reputation: Coalition" += 5
		"reputation: Heliarch" += 5
		log "Received a very dangerous job to destroy three Quarg warships to earn Heliarch privileges."

mission "Coalition: Heliarch Member 2"
	landing
	name "Destroy Quarg rogues"
	description "Destroy a small fleet of rogue Quarg vessels that are attacking the Coalition, near Blupidad, Membulem, and Pelubta."
	to offer
		has "Coalition: Heliarch Member 1: done"
	source "Ring of Friendship"
	on offer
		conversation
			`As before, when you exit your ship you are met by a member of each of the three Coalition species, wearing the golden circlets that mark them as Heliarchs. "Time to waste there is none. Starships of Quarg encroach on our safety," says the Saryd. "Defeated them we have not, retreat when endangered to strike again elsewhere they prefer."`
			`	The Kimek says, "In exchange for aid from you we will even open our Heliarch vessels and steel."`
			`	"But," says the Arach, "the raiders are not likely to be easy to defeat. They strike and disappear from Blupidad, Membulem, and Pelubta with no warning."`
			choice
				`	"I'll do it to protect the Coalition."`
					goto end
				`	"Will this threaten my relationship with the rest of the Quarg?"`
			`	"Very doubtful it is," says the Saryd. "While the Quarg our enemies are, separation they value and attack us they do not. The individuals are not in concert with the whole."`
			label end
			`	This probably won't be easy.`
					accept
			log "Received a very dangerous job to destroy three Quarg warships to earn Heliarch privileges."

	npc kill
		government "Quarogue"
		personality heroic staying waiting
		system "Antares"
		ship "Quarg Wardragon" "Grok Toklamok"
		ship "Quarg Wardragon" "Ban Mookrookbook"
		ship "Quarg Wardragon" "Plogalalim"
		dialog "The rogue Quarg ships have been destroyed, and you can return to the Ring of Friendship for your reward."
			
	on complete
		"reputation: Coalition" += 50
		"reputation: Heliarch" += 50
		conversation
			`When you land, you are not this time met by the Coalition Heliarchs that had previously met with you. In fact, you aren't met by anyone. There's no personal acknowledgement of what you've done. But it seems there's a little more respect in the eyes of the aliens, and a message indicating you have new privileges at the Ring of Power.`
		set "license: Heliarch"