ship "Peacebringer"
	plural "Peacebringers"
	sprite "ship/Peacebringer"
	attributes
		category "Heavy Warship"
		"cost" 121000000
		"shields" 96800
		"hull" 68000
		"required crew" 126
		"bunks" 402
		"mass" 1215
		"drag" 4.5
		"heat dissipation" 0.96
		"fuel capacity" 2000
		"cargo space" 306
		"outfit space" 1940
		"weapon capacity" 670
		"engine capacity" 320
		"peacebringer upgrade slot" 6
		"cloak 0.03"
		"cloak energy" 4
		"cloak fuel" 0.4
		"ramscoop" 10
		"slow resistance" 120
		"leak resistance" 60
		"ion resistance" 120
		"piercing resistance" .2
		"shield generation" 2
		"shield energy" 1.6
		"hull repair rate" 2
		"hull energy" 2.4
		"tactical scan power" 84
		"asteroid scan power" 36
		"outfit scan power" 25
		"outfit scan efficiency" 12
		"unremovable" -1
		weapon
			"blast radius" 900
			"shield damage" 7400
			"hull damage" 3600
			"hit force" 1200
	outfits
		"Peacebringer Upgrade Hub"
		"Triple Plasma Core" 2

		"A865 Atomic Thruster" 2
		"A860 Atomic Steering" 2

		"Ember Tear"
	gun 0 0 "Ember Tear"

	description "The Peacebringer is a one of a kind ship, commissioned not for sport, nor in exchange for money, or any other material offering that could conceivably conceive any standard spacecraft into reality, but instead as a reparation to a remarkable individual who has woven together the failing strings of the galaxy with their bare hands; a gift to one who has saved humanity one or more times from an otherwise hopeless drive to extinction. It is tribute, to ensure that this individual, whoever they may be, can continue their extraordinary drive to keep the universe together."
	description "An assemblage of all known technologies advanced and arcane, the Peacebringer is the culmination of the most powerful technology obtainable from across human space, and even beyond; it is a product of countless years of work by the most talented individuals from across the galaxy. In humanity's eyes, it is the perfect warship. Powerful, well protected, impressively maneuverable--this borderline superweapon crosses all bounds and treads into the line of impossibility in every known field of research it is associated with."
	description "This ship has cloaking technology, ramscoops, a basic shield generator, and nanobots built into the hull; they cannot be removed from the Peacebringer."
	# This is a dev reminder/checklist of the Peacebringer's planned capabilities
	# The Peacebringer will have 4 fighter bays and 2 drone bays
	# Peacebringer should be somewhere between a T2 and T3 capital warship
	# Still considering whether the Peacebringer should have: 1 superweapon (spinal) and 4-6 gun ports for missiles, 6-10 standard gun ports, or only 1 superweapon port
	# It should have 4-6 turret ports
	# Aiming to have ~320 acceleration, 110 turn, max speed of 750 as a baseline
	# Cloaking technology is primitive, and considering the size of the ship, it should take 3-4 seconds and draw lots of energy
	# Ramscoops may need adjusted
	# Baseline shields and hull may be too high; if balancing is determined to be needed, either lower HP or increase cost and effectiveness of upgrades
	# Introduce more creative upgrades

outfit "Peacebringer Upgrade Hub"
	sprite "outfit/unknown"
	cost 18000000
	"outfit space" -115
	mass 115
	"peacebringer upgrade slot" 6
	"unremovable" 1
	description "This hub contains all of the necessary equipment to apply upgrade modules to the Peacemaker. Some engineers were perplexed by the decision to put this into the ship, considering the additional outfit space it consumes, but the majority figured that customizability should be one of the most important elements for the ship, considering who it was going to."
	description "This equipment hub is integrated into the Peacebringer's hull; it cannot be removed from the ship."

outfit "Peacebringer Hull Upgrade"
	sprite "outfit/unknown"
	cost 5600000
	mass 70
	hull 14000
	"hull repair rate" 0.8
	"hull energy" 0.72
	"hull heat" 1
	"peacebringer upgrade slot" -1
	description "The Peacebringer is capable of carrying six upgrade modules, designed to further improve the combat prowess of the craft and customize it to its owner's needs."
	description "This upgrade module consists of a package of additional composite hull plates and repair systems, strengthening the armor greatly. The additional mass, however, can inhibit maneuverability, and the additional repair systems consume energy and generate heat."
	description "Due to the invasive process of upgrading the already advanced shield and hull systems, a combined total of four of both upgrade modules can be in effect at a time without risk of severe damage to the ship."

outfit "Peacebringer Shield Upgrade"
	sprite "outfit/unknown"
	cost 6400000
	mass 32
	shields 11200
	"shield generation" 0.8
	"shield energy" 1
	"shield heat" 1.6
	"peacebringer upgrade slot" -1
	description "The Peacebringer is capable of carrying six upgrade modules, designed to further improve the combat prowess of the craft and customize it to its owner's needs."
	description "This upgrade module features additional shield emitters and extensive modifications to the ship's internal shield generation systems, strengthening the shields greatly. Unfortunately, due to the complexity of the already cutting-edge shield matrix, the additional shield generation has more inefficient management of energy and produces additional heat."
	description "Due to the invasive process of upgrading the already advanced shield and hull systems, a combined total of four of both upgrade modules can be in effect at a time without risk of severe damage to the ship."

outfit "Peacebringer Maneuverability Overhaul"
	sprite "outfit/unknown"
	cost 7800000
	mass 24
	hull -2400
	"drag reduction" 0.07
	"inertia reduction" 0.02
	"engine capacity" 56
	"peacebringer upgrade slot" -1
	description "The Peacebringer is capable of carrying six upgrade modules, designed to further improve the combat prowess of the craft and customize it to its owner's needs."
	description "By lightly reshaping the engine areas and streamlining the outer hull of the ship, the ship's engine space and maximum speed are inherently improved, along with providing extra space to work with to upgrade the engines to further increase maneuverability. Unfortunately, due to the way the hull must be reshaped for these processes, the overall strength of the hull is slightly reduced."
	description "This upgrade only provides engine space, not outfit space."

outfit "Peacebringer Sensor Suite"
	sprite "outfit/research station"
	cost 11200000
	mass 44
	"atmospheric scan" 100
	"tactical scan power" 84
	"outfit scan power" 52
	"outfit scan efficiency" 16
	"cargo scan power" 52
	"cargo scan efficiency" 20
	"peacebringer upgrade slot" -1
	description "The Peacebringer is capable of carrying six upgrade modules, designed to further improve the combat prowess of the craft and customize it to its owner's needs."
	description "This upgrade module features an advanced sensor suite, upscaling procured Remnant technology into something that can fully utilize the modularity provided by the Peacebringer. The sensor suite is capable of atmospheric scanning and significantly boosts the efficiency and range of the ship's onboard scanners, and adds the ability to scan a ship's cargo as well."
	description "As a drawback, these scanning systems are quite heavy. If they offer no utility to the captain of the Peacebringer, it may be best to choose another upgrade or leave this slot empty."
	