#####WEAPONS

outfit "Megalithic Cannon"
	category "Secondary Weapons"
	cost 880000
	thumbnail "outfit/megalithic cannon"
	"mass" 60
	"outfit space" -60
	"weapon capacity" -60
	"gun ports" -1
	weapon
		sprite "projectile/megalithic bolt"
			"frame rate" 0
			"random start frame"
		icon "icon/megalithic"
		sound "megalithic cannon"
		"hit effect" "small explosion"
		"inaccuracy" .5
		"velocity" 50
		"lifetime" 26
		"reload" 40
		"firing energy" 240
		"firing force" 20
		"firing heat" 480
		"hit force" 320
		"shield damage" 432
		"hull damage" 416
		stream
	description "Although Tycho is not typically known for weapons development, the megalithic cannon is one of the largest non-military gun emplacements ever developed. A scaled-up monolithic cannon with theory of operation similar to that of a plasma cannon, the plasma bolt is charged significantly longer and is spooled through a hyperspace ripple field before leaving the barrel. The resulting effect is a ten-meter-long red-hot plasma bolt moving at near-relativistic speeds, capable of obliterating nearly anything in its path."

outfit "Megalithic Cannon Turret"
	category "Turrets"
	cost 1900000
	thumbnail "outfit/megalithic cannon turret"
	"mass" 100
	"outfit space" -100
	"weapon capacity" -100
	"turret mounts" -1
	"required crew" 2
	weapon
		sprite "projectile/dual megalithic bolt"
			"frame rate" 0
			"random start frame"
		sound "megalithic cannon"
		"hit effect" "medium explosion"
		"hardpoint sprite" "hardpoint/megalithic cannon turret"
		"hardpoint offset" 14
		"inaccuracy" .5
		"velocity" 50
		"lifetime" 26
		"turret turn" 0.5
		"reload" 40
		"firing energy" 480
		"firing force" 20
		"firing heat" 900
		"hit force" 640
		"shield damage" 864
		"hull damage" 832
		stream
	description `Developed for the fourth generation of the Constellation Battleship, the megalithic cannon turret requires two crew to operate and is one of the largest and most powerful turrets ever developed. Derived from the plasma cannon, the plasma bolt is charged to 99% saturation - "megalithic" critical mass - and is spooled through a hyperspace field before leaving the barrel. The resulting effect is a ten-meter-long red-hot plasma bolt moving at near-relativistic speeds, capable of obliterating nearly anything in its path.`

outfit "Monolithic Cannon"
	category "Guns"
	cost 280000
	thumbnail "outfit/monolithic cannon"
	"mass" 25
	"outfit space" -25
	"weapon capacity" -25
	"gun ports" -1
	weapon
		sprite "projectile/monolithic bolt"
			"frame rate" 0
			"random start frame"
		sound "monolithic cannon"
		"hit effect" "proton impact"
		"inaccuracy" .5
		"velocity" 45
		"lifetime" 18
		"reload" 30
		"firing energy" 45
		"firing force" 15
		"firing heat" 185
		"hit force" 85
		"shield damage" 80
		"hull damage" 60
		stream
	description `The monolithic cannon is Tycho Corporation's standard medium-craft gun emplacement. An advanced form of plasma cannon, the monolithic cannon charges a high-energy plasma bolt to "monolithic state" - 91% critical mass -  before accelerating the pulse through a small hyperdrive field. The resulting effect is a red-hot plasma bolt traveling at approximately half the speed of light, capable of dealing significant damage to shields and hull alike at considerable range."


#####Cooling
outfit "Liquid Lithium Cooler"
	category "Systems"
	cost  390000
	thumbnail "outfit/liquid lithium"
	"mass" 80
	"outfit space" -80
	"cooling" 180
	description "Developed by Tycho Corporation for their large capital warships, liquid lithium coolers operate at a minimum temperature of 180 degrees Celcius to circulate molten lithium through the cores of the ship's reactors and engines. Although few ships require this degree of heat diffusion, for a select few superstructured vessels, it is their most vital operating principle."

outfit "Deuterium-Hydrogen Cooler"
	category "Systems"
	cost 285000
	thumbnail "outfit/deuterium hydrogen cooler"
	"mass" 8
	"outfit space" -8
	"cooling" 20
	description "An incredibly efficient heating system developed by Tycho Corporation for their smaller vessels, liquid hydrogen cooling is both incredibly efficient and prohibitively expensive. Using dielectric Deuterium-plated tubes and a heat-shielded intercooler, the system is nearly twice as efficient as water cooling."
	
outfit "Liquid Hydrogen Cooling"
	category "Systems"
	cost 35000
	thumbnail "outfit/liquid hydrogen"
	"mass" 7
	"outfit space" -7
	"cooling" 10
	description "A highly efficient heating system developed by Tycho Corporation, Liquid Hydrogen cooling operates at extremely high colsed-loop pressure to maintain cryogenesis of the hydrogen ballast, and is extremely volatile if ruptured."

outfit "Water Coolant System II"
	category "Systems"
	cost 45000
	thumbnail "outfit/high density water cooling"
	"mass" 14
	"outfit space" -14
	"cooling" 17.5
	description "Developed by Tycho Corporation, this water cooling system offers improved performance over standard water cooling by increasing the density of coolant pipes throughout the ship's most heat-producing elements at a slight cost to outfit space."

#####POWER
#Generation

outfit "Niemann Generator"
	category "Power"
	cost 690000
	thumbnail "outfit/niemann"
	"mass" 40
	"outfit space" -40
	"energy generation" 5.5
	"heat generation" 12.6
	description "Named for its inventor, Gerard Niemann, the Niemann Generator is an advanced radiothermal generator that significantly reduces waste heat through the application of a high-efficiency deuterium-alloy thermocouple."

outfit "Twin Niemann Generator"
	category "Power"
	cost 1656000
	thumbnail "outfit/twin niemann"
	"mass" 70
	"outfit space" -70
	"energy generation" 10.7
	"heat generation" 20.2
	description "By attaching two Niemann thermocouples to one thermoelectric generator, sucessors of Niemann found that nearly double the power output could be achieved. Although this nearly doubles the required outfit space, the performance is comparable to similarly-sized fission reactor technology for a fraction of the cost and heat output."

outfit "Netsuke Core"
	category "Power"
	cost 1200000
	thumbnail "outfit/netsuke core"
	"mass" 34
	"outfit space" -34
	"energy generation" 7
	"heat generation" 17.4
	description "Named for the carved Japanese ornament, the Netsuke Core was the brainchild of former Tycho Chief Engineer Ayako Kobayashi and is largely responsible for the early success of Tycho Fusion Drive Systems. Applying Gerard Niemann's deuterium-alloy thermocouple to an miniaturized Hohlraum fusion reactor, the immensely space-efficient Netsuke was born."

outfit "Tokamak Reactor"
	category "Power"
	cost 4000000
	thumbnail "outfit/tokamak reactor"
	"mass" 85
	"outfit space" -85
	"energy generation" 16.3
	"heat generation" 35.7
	description "The Tokamak is a nearly-thousand-year-old fusion reactor stabilization technique that uses a powerful magnetic field to confine plasma in the shape of a torus. The primary midsize-warship solution produced by Tycho Fusion Drive Systems, it is the second-smallest fusion reactor available."

outfit "Spheromak Reactor"
	category "Power"
	cost 8000000
	thumbnail "outfit/spheromak reactor"
	"mass" 95
	"outfit space" -95
	"energy generation" 21.7
	"heat generation" 56
	description "The Spheromak, or spherical tokamak, is a type of fusion power device based on the Tokamak principle that is notable for its very narrow profile, or aspect ratio. Perfected in the late 25th century by the pre-space Tycho Reactor Corporation, the spherical tokamak reduced the size of the Tokamak toroid significantly, resulting in a plasma core almost spherical in shape with a very high energy density. This is a suitable reactor for medium-to-heavy warships with significant energy requirements and limited space."

outfit "Indirect Drive Reactor"
	category "Power"
	cost 22500000
	thumbnail "outfit/indirect drive reactor"
	"mass" 90
	"outfit space" -90
	"energy generation" 27
	"heat generation" 56.3
	description "The newest reactor architecture developed by Tycho Fusion Drive Systems, the Indirect Drive Reactor is an inertial confinement reactor that agitates its fuel core with a high-power laser rather than spooling tokamak fusion through electrical current. Considerably more stable and efficient than prior designs, the reactor produces astronomically more energy than the slightly larger Spheramok reactor while maintaining effectivly the same heat output." 
	
outfit "Lawson Reactor"
	category "Power"
	cost 12000000
	thumbnail "outfit/lawson reactor"
	"mass" 125
	"outfit space" -125
	"energy generation" 31.5
	"heat generation" 90
	description "Named for the developer of the Lawson principle, John Lawson, the Lawson Reactor was once the largest reactor built by Tycho Fusion Drive Systems. Developed for the first generation of the Tycho Constellation Battleship, use of the Lawson Reactor in newer capital warships has waned since development of the more powerful Yukawa Reactor, however, it is still widely used in Tycho Shipyards' superscale transports and cargo ships."

outfit "Yukawa Reactor"
	category "Power"
	cost 20000000
	thumbnail "outfit/yukawa reactor"
	"mass" 190
	"outfit space" -190
	"energy generation" 43.6
	"heat generation" 130
	description "Developed in the 2990s to fulfill the massive power requirements of the second generation Constellation Battleship, the Yukawa Reactor was the largest fusion reactor ever built until the larger Double Yukawa design was implemented. Devised of a massive spheromak fusion reaction spooled through a primary chamber and vented into two secondary chambers, the Tycho engineering research team was the first to implement a viable solution to the plasma expansion problem that had limited reactor sizes and power output in prior fusion designs, ushering in an age of superscalar capital warships the scale of which the galaxy had never seen."

outfit "Double Yukawa Reactor"
	category "Power"
	cost 36000000
	thumbnail "outfit/double yukawa reactor"
	"mass" 280
	"outfit space" -280
	"energy generation" 87.2
	"heat generation" 230
	description "Ten years beyond the development of the first Yukawa Reactor, the third generation of the Constellation Battleship required an even larger energy source than even the Yukawa Reactor could provide. Seeing an opporunity to advance the state-of-the-art in fusion reactor design yet again, Tycho Fusion developed the Double Yukawa design. Utilizing the same single primary-dual secondary that the single reactor had pioneered, the Double Yukawa implemented an innovative figure-eight Tokamak fusion chamber that doubled the output of the original reactor with only a 47% increase in reactor size."

outfit "Triple Yukawa Reactor"
	category "Power"
	cost 65000000
	thumbnail "outfit/triple yukawa reactor"
	"mass" 375
	"outfit space" -375
	"energy generation" 130.8
	"heat generation" 400
	description `Purpose-built for the fourth generation Constellation Battleship, the Triple Yukawa Reactor is the largest power plant ever developed for a spacefaring vessel. Producing a prodigious amount of heat and power, triple the output of the single Yukawa Reactor is achieved through a highly complex triquetric (three-lobed) Tokamak fusion chamber with three secondaries instead of only two. Given new development is focused on smaller, more efficient designs, it is unlikely a larger reactor will ever need to be developed, but as the reactor's namesake once quoted, "Reality is always changing, and it is always unpredictable."`
	
#Battery
outfit "TFSC-02F Battery Pack"
	category "Power"
	cost 25000
	thumbnail "outfit/tiny battery fusion"
	"mass" 8
	"outfit space" -6
	"energy capacity" 960
	"heat generation" 0.1
	description "With one of the highest energy densities of any known battery chemistry, the Tycho Fusion Cell is one of the most advanced technologies developed by Tycho Fusion Systems Corporation (TFSC). The one downside of fusion cells is that they produce a heat during charging and use."
	
outfit "TFSC-04L Battery Pack"
	category "Power"
	cost 49000
	thumbnail "outfit/small battery fusion"
	"mass" 12
	"outfit space" -12
	"energy capacity" 2400
	"heat generation" 0.2
	description "This battery pack has more than twice the energy capacity of the most basic fusion model, allowing your ship to engage in combat for longer periods of time before running out of energy. However, it does produce some heat."

outfit "TFSC-08M Battery Pack"
	category "Power"
	cost 97000
	thumbnail "outfit/medium battery fusion"
	"mass" 26
	"outfit space" -25
	"energy capacity" 5280
	"heat generation" 0.4
	description "This medium-sized fusion battery pack is intended for ships that need to fire the occasional salvo of high-powered weaponry without running out of energy. The one disadvantage of the fusion cell's superior energy density is the marginal amount of heat it produces."

outfit "TFSC-16H Battery Pack"
	category "Power"
	cost 1930000
	thumbnail "outfit/large battery fusion"
	"mass" 50
	"outfit space" -50
	"energy capacity" 11040
	"heat generation" 0.8
	description "This is a large battery pack designed for ships that may occasionally have high power needs but do not want the expense or the outfit requirements associated with a more powerful ship's generator or a traditional lithium chemistry. The one disadvantage of the fusion cell's superior energy density is the marginal amount of heat it produces."

outfit "TFSC-32C Battery Pack"
	category "Power"
	cost 385000
	thumbnail "outfit/huge battery fusion"
	"mass" 98
	"outfit space" -90
	"energy capacity" 22560
	"heat generation" 1.6
	description "For Tycho's large capital ships, the 32-Cell Battery Pack is ideally suited for powering massive batteries of weaponry and large engines. Capable of sustaining near-continuous barrages of firepower for continuous periods, the one disadvantage of the fusion cell is its slight thermal footprint."

outfit "TFSC-64TIV Battery Pack"
	category "Power"
	cost 769000
	thumbnail "outfit/massive battery fusion"
	"mass" 194
	"outfit space" -180
	"energy capacity" 45600
	"heat generation" 3.2
	description "Designed specifically for the fourth-generation Tycho Constellation Battleship, the 64-Cell fusion battery pack is the largest battery system ever designed, and can power the Constellation's eight salvoed monolithic cannon turrets and massive fusion engine through hours of continuous combat."
	
#####ENGINES
outfit `100-Series Fusion Thruster`
	category "Engines"
	"cost" 54000
	thumbnail "outfit/tiny fusion thruster"
	"mass" 23
	"outfit space" -23
	"engine capacity" -23
	"thrust" 8.7
	"thrusting energy" 1.2
	"thrusting heat" .9
	"flare sprite" "effect/fusion flare/tiny"
		"frame rate" 1.2
	"flare sound" "fusion tiny"
	description "The crowning achievement of Tycho Fusion Drive Systems, the Fusion thruster is essentially a reactor-driven impulse engine; cooler-running and more powerful than ion or plasma engines and more cost and energy-efficient than atomic engines. The 100-series is the smallest Fusion engine available, suitable for fighters and interceptors."
	description "	A relatively recent technology, Fusion engines are considered mid-grade propulsion systems. Although bulkier than most other available engines, they are more powerful than comparable ion and plasma engines while more efficient and cooler-running than atomic propulsion systems."

outfit `200-Series Fusion Thruster`
	category "Engines"
	"cost" 117000
	thumbnail "outfit/small fusion thruster"
	"mass" 34
	"outfit space" -34
	"engine capacity" -34
	"thrust" 15.3
	"thrusting energy" 1.7
	"thrusting heat" 1.8
	"flare sprite" "effect/fusion flare/small"
		"frame rate" 1.1
	"flare sound" "fusion small"
	description " Larger and more powerful than the 100-series, the 200-series Fusion thruster is suitable for larger interceptors, light warships, and small freighters."
	description "	A relatively recent technology, Fusion engines are considered mid-grade propulsion systems. Although bulkier than most other available engines, they are more powerful than comparable ion and plasma engines while more efficient and cooler-running than atomic propulsion systems."

outfit `330-Series Fusion Thruster`
	category "Engines"
	"cost" 261000
	thumbnail "outfit/medium fusion thruster"
	"mass" 54
	"outfit space" -54
	"engine capacity" -54
	"thrust" 28.6
	"thrusting energy" 2.7
	"thrusting heat" 3.5
	"flare sprite" "effect/fusion flare/medium"
		"frame rate" 1.0
	"flare sound" "fusion medium"
	description " The 330-series Fusion Thruster is built for larger freighters and medium warships. Cooler-running than most comparable engines, the 330-series can also be installed in smaller craft with considerable engine space, achieving ludicrous acceleration and top speed with relatively little thermal overhead."
	description "	A relatively recent technology, Fusion engines are considered mid-grade propulsion systems. Although bulkier than most other available engines, they are more powerful than comparable ion and plasma engines while more efficient and cooler-running than atomic propulsion systems."

outfit `500-Series Fusion Thruster`
	category "Engines"
	"cost" 576000
	thumbnail "outfit/large fusion thruster"
	"mass" 88
	"outfit space" -88
	"engine capacity" -88
	"thrust" 55.2
	"thrusting energy" 4.7
	"thrusting heat" 6.9
	"flare sprite" "effect/fusion flare/large"
		"frame rate" 0.9
	"flare sound" "fusion large"
	description " Originally built by Tycho Fusion Drive Systems for their first generation heavy warships, the 500-Series Fusion Thruster has since fallen out of favor in military designs, finding a new purpose in driving Tycho's massive new superfreighters and supertransports."
	description "	A relatively recent technology, Fusion engines are considered mid-grade propulsion systems. Although bulkier than most other available engines, they are more powerful than comparable ion and plasma engines while more efficient and cooler-running than atomic propulsion systems."

outfit "700-Series Fusion Thruster"
	category "Engines"
	"cost" 1264500
	thumbnail "outfit/huge fusion thruster a"
	"mass" 144
	"outfit space" -144
	"engine capacity" -144
	"thrust" 108.1
	"thrusting energy" 8.3
	"thrusting heat" 13.2
	"flare sprite" "effect/fusion flare/huge"
		"frame rate" 0.8
	"flare sound" "fusion hugea"
	description " Designed originally through a contract with the RNSC, the 700-Series is a relatively rare engine model due to its bulky, relatively obsolete design. Replaced by the smaller, more efficient 770-Series, the remaining 700-Series are typically found in older Tycho heavy warships, Tycho's large transport ships, and advanced RNSC warships."
	description "	A relatively recent technology, Fusion engines are considered mid-grade propulsion systems. Although bulkier than most other available engines, they are more powerful than comparable ion and plasma engines while more efficient and cooler-running than atomic propulsion systems."

outfit "770-Series Fusion Thruster"
	category "Engines"
	"cost" 1454200
	thumbnail "outfit/huge fusion thruster b"
	"mass" 122
	"outfit space" -122
	"engine capacity" -122
	"thrust" 108.1
	"thrusting energy" 7.5
	"thrusting heat" 18.5
	"flare sprite" "effect/fusion flare/huge"
		"frame rate" 0.8
	"flare sound" "fusion hugeb"
	description " A more modern successor to the 700-Series, the 770-Series fusion thruster is more space and energy efficient, but produces more heat than its predecessor due to its lower surface area and coefficient of thermal conductivity."
	description "	A relatively recent technology, Fusion engines are considered mid-grade propulsion systems. Although bulkier than most other available engines, they are more powerful than comparable ion and plasma engines while more efficient and cooler-running than atomic propulsion systems."

outfit "950-Series Fusion Thruster"
	category "Engines"
	"cost" 2781900
	thumbnail "outfit/massive fusion thruster"
	"mass" 232
	"outfit space" -232
	"engine capacity" -232
	"thrust" 211.7
	"thrusting energy" 14.7
	"thrusting heat" 25.3
	"flare sprite" "effect/fusion flare/massive"
		"frame rate" 0.6
	"flare sound" "fusion massive"
	description " Simply the largest thruster ever built by humans, the 950-Series was purpose-built for the fourth generation Tycho Constellation Battleship. Consuming a whopping amount of power and taking up an incredible amount of space, the 950-Series can provide massive amounts of thrust, moving even the largest of capital warships with considerable acceleration and speed."
	description "	A relatively recent technology, Fusion engines are considered mid-grade propulsion systems. Although bulkier than most other available engines, they are more powerful than comparable ion and plasma engines while more efficient and cooler-running than atomic propulsion systems."

outfit `100-Series Fusion Steering`
	category "Engines"
	"cost" 45000
	thumbnail "outfit/tiny fusion steering"
	"mass" 18
	"outfit space" -18
	"engine capacity" -18
	"turn" 280
	"turning energy" .8
	"turning heat" .6
	description "The crowning achievement of Tycho Fusion Drive Systems, the Fusion thruster is essentially a reactor-driven impulse engine; cooler-running and more powerful than ion or plasma engines and more cost and energy-efficient than atomic engines. The 100-series is the smallest Fusion engine available, suitable for fighters and interceptors."
	description "	A relatively recent technology, Fusion engines are considered mid-grade propulsion systems. Although bulkier than most other available engines, they are more powerful than comparable ion and plasma engines while more efficient and cooler-running than atomic propulsion systems."

outfit `200-Series Fusion Steering`
	category "Engines"
	"cost" 94500
	thumbnail "outfit/small fusion steering"
	"mass" 26
	"outfit space" -26
	"engine capacity" -26
	"turn" 459
	"turning energy" 1.2
	"turning heat" 1.1
	description " Larger and more powerful than the 100-series, the 200-series Fusion thruster is suitable for larger interceptors, light warships, and small freighters."
	description "	A relatively recent technology, Fusion engines are considered mid-grade propulsion systems. Although bulkier than most other available engines, they are more powerful than comparable ion and plasma engines while more efficient and cooler-running than atomic propulsion systems."

outfit `330-Series Fusion Steering`
	category "Engines"
	"cost" 207000
	thumbnail "outfit/medium fusion steering"
	"mass" 42
	"outfit space" -42
	"engine capacity" -42
	"turn" 808
	"turning energy" 1.7
	"turning heat" 2.2
	description " The 330-series Fusion Thruster is built for larger freighters and medium warships. Cooler-running than most comparable engines, the 330-series can also be installed in smaller craft with considerable engine space, achieving ludicrous acceleration and top speed with relatively little thermal overhead."
	description "	A relatively recent technology, Fusion engines are considered mid-grade propulsion systems. Although bulkier than most other available engines, they are more powerful than comparable ion and plasma engines while more efficient and cooler-running than atomic propulsion systems."

outfit `500-Series Fusion Steering`
	category "Engines"
	"cost" 459000
	thumbnail "outfit/large fusion steering"
	"mass" 66
	"outfit space" -66
	"engine capacity" -66
	"turn" 1492
	"turning energy" 2.7
	"turning heat" 4.3
	description " Originally built by Tycho Fusion Drive Systems for their first generation heavy warships, the 500-Series Fusion Thruster has since fallen out of favor in military designs, finding a new purpose in driving Tycho's massive new superfreighters and supertransports."
	description "	A relatively recent technology, Fusion engines are considered mid-grade propulsion systems. Although bulkier than most other available engines, they are more powerful than comparable ion and plasma engines while more efficient and cooler-running than atomic propulsion systems."

outfit `700-Series Fusion Steering`
	category "Engines"
	"cost" 1012500
	thumbnail "outfit/huge fusion steering"
	"mass" 108
	"outfit space" -108
	"engine capacity" -108
	"turn" 2832
	"turning energy" 4.7
	"turning heat" 8.2
	description " Designed originally through a contract with the RNSC, the 700-Series is a relatively rare engine model due to its bulky, relatively obsolete design. Replaced by the smaller, more efficient 770-Series, the remaining 700-Series are typically found in older Tycho heavy warships, Tycho's large transport ships, and advanced RNSC warships."
	description "	A relatively recent technology, Fusion engines are considered mid-grade propulsion systems. Although bulkier than most other available engines, they are more powerful than comparable ion and plasma engines while more efficient and cooler-running than atomic propulsion systems."

outfit `950-Series Fusion Steering`
	category "Engines"
	"cost" 2722500
	thumbnail "outfit/massive fusion steering a"
	"mass" 174
	"outfit space" -174
	"engine capacity" -174
	"turn" 5409
	"turning energy" 8.7
	"turning heat" 14.3
	description " Simply the largest thruster ever built by humans, the 950-Series was purpose-built for the third generation Tycho Constellation Battleship. Consuming a whopping amount of power and taking up an incredible amount of space, the 950-Series can provide massive amounts of thrust, moving even the largest of capital warships with considerable acceleration and speed."
	description "	A relatively recent technology, Fusion engines are considered mid-grade propulsion systems. Although bulkier than most other available engines, they are more powerful than comparable ion and plasma engines while more efficient and cooler-running than atomic propulsion systems."

outfit `990-Series Fusion Steering`
	category "Engines"
	"cost" 3550250
	thumbnail "outfit/massive fusion steering b"
	"mass" 184
	"outfit space" -184
	"engine capacity" -184
	"turn" 5689
	"turning energy" 9.6
	"turning heat" 14.6
	description " Determining that even the 950-Series would not provide sufficient thrust to move Tycho's superstructural heavy warships at reasonable rates, a newer model was designed, improving power output and efficiency with only minimal additional outfit space required.
	description "	A relatively recent technology, Fusion engines are considered mid-grade propulsion systems. Although bulkier than most other available engines, they are more powerful than comparable ion and plasma engines while more efficient and cooler-running than atomic propulsion systems."

##Special/Other

outfit "Luxury Accommodations"
	category "Systems"
	cost 5500000
	thumbnail "outfit/bunk room"
	"mass" 50
	"required crew" 30
	"bunks" -50
	"outfit space" -75
	unplunderable 1
	description "To attract wealthy passengers paying top dollar, premium luxury passenger accomodations are a necessary installation in any transport vessel. This includes retrofitting cabin seating space into luxury suites, complete with natural-grain wood paneling, sleeping quarters, and full-service housekeeping and staff. Generally found only on large passenger ships, these accomodations are expensive to install and maintain."
	
outfit "Luxury Starliner Facilities"
	category "Systems"
	cost 16500000
	thumbnail "outfit/bunk room"
	"mass" 150
	"required crew" 135
	"bunks" -100
	"outfit space" -250
	unplunderable 1
	description "To attract the wealthiest and most elite of passengers, a full offering of luxury Starliner cruise facilities are a must, including a staffed bar and passenger lounge, elegant dining facilities, full-service gourmet kitchen with wait staff, a swimming pool, holofilm theater, child care, valet service, guided tours of the ship, coordinated group activities for passengers, and a 24-hour on-call concierge service. Generally found on only the largest and most luxurious passenger ships, these facilities are exceedingly expensive to install and maintain."
	
outfit "Tycho Starlines Pilot's License"
	category "Special"
	cost 4000000
	thumbnail "outfit/license"
	description "This license certifies you as a bonded member of Tycho Starlines and grants permission to carry large Starlines-chartered passenger groups to and from Starlines destinations."
	
outfit "Tycho Colonial Pilot's License"
	category "Special"
	cost 2000000
	thumbnail "outfit/license"
	description "This license certifies you as a bonded member of Tycho Colonial and grants permission to carry large Colonial-chartered groups of colonists to destinations in the Tycho Colonies."