
mission "Arena Contact"
	name "Destroy Arena Target"
	description "Your tour guide, Mike, signed you up for an arena battle with an unknown target. Destroy or disable the target to win."
	landing
	source Lilac
	on offer
		conversation
			`	Upon landing in Lilac, two people gather where the enterance of you ship is at. After parking, you take a closer look and see a suited woman holding a clipboard; she is standing next to a bodybuilder. You step out of your ship and greet them. The woman introduces herself as Ann and says, "Welcome to the arena! For new people we have a tour guide to show them around. This is Mike, and he will be your tour guide today. Of course, if you wish to be shown around." There is a short pause, and Mike says, "Anyway, should I start to show you around?"`
			choice
				`	"Sure! That would be nice."`
				`	"I think I would rather figure things out on my own."`
					decline
					
			
			`	"Great! Let's start here. First we have the outfitter and shipyard complex which is a must for all arena players to stock up on ammo and supplies -" You notice that Ann has slipped away without a trace. "Anyway," Mike continues, "What you are really going to need is the directions to the arena and how to sign up for a fight. The sign up is simple, you go to the job board and check off a mission. Then, to fight, leave the planet and go to the NEAREST wormhole. First to kill or capture their enemy is the winner. The only way to spare your opponment is to abandon the mission and loose your rewards."`
			`	Mike walks up to the job board. "What do you say? After all, you can learn only from experiance." And before you can say anything, Mike checks off a box near the top of the board and gives you a ticket. You and Mike both look at the ticket, "Alright," Mike says. "You must take off in an 3 hours from now. That should give you enough-" "Mike!" - Ann walks up to Mike and starts yelling at him about giving difficult tasks to newcomers. Whatever it is, it shouldn't be that bad.`
				accept
	npc kill
		government "Arena (Players)"
		personality heroic staying nemesis target
		system Tirax
		fleet
			names "arena"
			variant
				"Raven"
			variant
				"Quicksilver"
			variant
				"Gunboat"
			variant
				"Headhunter"
		dialog "You have defeated the <npc>, you should land back on Lilac now."
	on visit
		dialog "You have went back to Lilac, but have not defeated the <npc>! You should get back to the private arena to finish him off."
	on complete
		payment 300000
		dialog "When you land back down, Ann and Mike were both impressed with your preformance. Then, Ann silently slips Mike a thousand credit chip before handing you your reward of 300,000 credits and saying a quick congratulatulations."
