
mission "Boarding Mil'taj First Goliath"
	boarding
	minor
	destination "Earth"
	source
		government "Mil'taj"
		category "Heavy Freighter" "Medium Warship" "Heavy Warship" "Superheavy"
	on offer
		conversation
			`Your ship finishes the locking process and your men begin preparing to Board and loot the vessel. The comms indicate that the first squad begins moving into the ship, finding almost no resistance.`
			`	A dark feeling begins forming in your chest as they find empty halls for the first minute, before in an instant communication goes dark, and the life signs of the whole squad drop.`
			choice
				`	This isn't worth it, decouple and retreat.`
					goto retreat
				`	Send in the next group, I am getting this ship!`
			branch terror
				has "outfit (flagship installed): Terror Mech"
			`	The second squad only gets to the bulkhead before plasma engulfs them. Your ships internal cameras show the chaos in crisp detail. A massive floating automaton surges into the docking port, killing all in its path with terrifying efficiency.`
			scene "scene/goliath enters"
			`	None of your weapons even scratch it, allowing it cut a swath through your ship while you struggle to figure out how to handle this.`
			`	You think about decoupling, but the machine is already on board and it doesn’t look like the enemy crew are following, letting their killing machine do all the work for them you would guess.`
			`	Soon enough you watch as the monster vaporises an entire room defenders just the bridge. The reinforced security door meant to protect you, disappears in a single blast of plasma. You pull your pistol as it enters the room.`
			`	Your last moments are quick, as soon as the dull green glow of the mechanical weapon enters, you raise your gun as it emits a burst of light. Suddenly your skin burns, your eyes pop and all you can think of is pain. You die in horrific agony.`
				die
			label retreat
			`	You order the crew to detach from the enemy. A few tense seconds pass as the bulkheads close and the two ships separate. The comms come alive as crew shouts that a survivor managed to make it back to the ship in the last moment.`
			`	The crewman is brought to medical as you venture down to question him. Entering the medbay you are shocked as half his body is disfigured and warped, your doctors saying that first signs indicate radiation is the cause.`
			`	The man is given only a few minutes before the radiation stops his organs, but he manages to give a brief harrowing description of what happened. Something huge and glowing was waiting, once it saw them it let off a blast that killed the whole squad and fried all their electronics. He only made it back because it didn't follow, it must have known we were decoupling.`
			`	It seems retreating was the right call, whatever weapons these Mil'taj have, it seems you will need to be prepared with the best equipment you can afford to take their ships.`
				decline
			label terror
			`	The second squad only gets to the bulkhead before plasma engulfs them. Your ships internal cameras show the chaos in crisp detail. A massive floating automaton surges into the docking port, killing all in its path with terrifying efficiency.`
			scene "scene/goliath enters"
			`	None of your weapons even scratch it, allowing it cut a swath through your ship while you struggle to figure out how to handle this.`
			`	You see one of your Terror Mechs stand in it's path, their weapons prepared for a fight. A crew member shouts off to the side, you look over for moment, and once your gaze returns to the screen, all you can see if the partially melted feet of the Terror Mech remaining.`
			`	You think about decoupling, but the machine is already on board and it doesn’t look like the enemy crew are following, letting their killing machine do all the work for them you would guess.`
			`	Soon enough you watch as the monster vaporises an entire room defenders just the bridge. The reinforced security door meant to protect you, disappears in a single blast of plasma. You pull your pistol as it enters the room.`
			`	Your last moments are quick, as soon as the dull green glow of the mechanical weapon enters, you raise your gun as it emits a burst of light. Suddenly your skin burns, your eyes pop and all you can think of is pain. You die in horrific agony.`
				die