Fire Corporation:
	A manufacturing company, but not just that. Similar to the Deep with security and production. They make ships for bounty hunters (though they don't have to be used like that), and make an effort for them to be found anywhere (this means that you could buy their ship on a pirate planet, but the have a license "Not Pirate")

Storyline:

I WANT EITHER =, >, OR ~ OF 75 MISSIONS IN A SINGE PLAYTHROUGH!

Intro single: Pirate hunting mission for a pirate-made warship. Doesn't tell you about the ship, just like other bounties.

Intro Missions (Ideal: 15 √):

1. Investigate (scan) new pirate in Antares.
2. Go to Bloodsea to see if you can find the manufacturers.
3. Lead an attack on Bloodsea to capture the manufacturer (you found him). The battle is very big.
4. Fend off a pirate attack.
5. Check Greenrock for the manufacturers (they escaped)
6. Check Albatross for the manufactures.
7. Finally, check Thule.
8. One last check - Smuggler's Den!
9. Chase the <large freighters> to Antares (you found them) and get them DISABLED
10. Pirate attack - they want to rescue the manufacturers who made their favorite ships (primary ships are Strongblades)
11. While the pirates were defeated, the main manufacturers escaped to...?
12. Greenrock?
13. Albatross?
14. Return to Bloodsea to help with an attack.
15. More pirates are coming; escort the convoy (Mega Barges) to Glaze

Deadly Choice Missions:

1. Infiltrate Bloodsea to capture one of the manufacturing pirates.
	You can give up. Go to "Failed Infiltration 1"
2a. Take the manufacturer you captured (some reasonable guy) to Glaze. (goto "Fire Middle 1")
	OR
2b. Set the guy free for a lot of money and help him. (goto "Pirate Middle 1")
	OR
2c. Get all the guy's information right here and take it to Glaze. (goto "Fire Bad Middle 1")

Fire Middle (Ideal: 35):

1. Go to Zenith because the secret base of operation is there.
2. Retreat to Farpoint because Zenith is defended.
3. Meat up with the fleet on Calda.
4. Attack Freedom because the large pirate fleet delays you getting to Zenith.
5. Attack Zenith with a diminished fleet (unless you protected all of the Freedom attack fleet, as in use "to spawn	not "xxx destroyed"
6. Defend Zenith.
7. Attack Haven to drive out all the pirates around here and find the manufacturing place (they left when we were driven back from Zenith).
8. We captured some more manufacturers from Haven so take them to Prime.
9. Get a large shipment of ship parts from Ada and escort the convoy back.
10. Protect Haven from more pirate attacks while Fire Corporation makes more ships (some originally from Pirates Inc.
11. The Fire Home is under attack in the Cardax system! Fight off the pirates and go to Sunracer. (the person's frequency is 0 now)
12. Hurry back to Haven to defend it from pirates! (deadline)1
13. Test out the new Fire Corporation ship by going to Hatysa system where there is a small pirate fleet.
14. Drive off the pirate fleet from the "North-East" pirate systems. They are in Mintaka.
15. Fend off a sneak attack from a medium pirate fleet - with a very powerful command ship (ship "Slicer" "Invader's Doom")
16. Go to Stormhold to see if that's where the surviving branch of Pirates Inc. is.
17. Continue on to New Tortuga and find them.
18. Help the pirates drive off a Korath attack. (you get paid and a little more friendly)
	OR
18b. Run away.
19. Inform Fire Corporation (on Zenith) of the branch on New Tortuga.
20. Lead an attack on New Tortuga. (branch escapes)
21. Hunt for a Slicer along with the Commanders (3 different colored Short Swords) (Found in Atik)
22. Gather up at least 3 Jump Drives (more=more pay and a bigger fleet later) and return to Zenith
23. Lead a fleet of Fire Corporation ships (with the Commanders) to Orbona because that's where some escaping pirates were last seen. There is no waypoint in Hidden Queen, but you need it as a visited system to complete the mission.
24. Attack Crown of Secrecy.
25. Find the surviving manufacturers.
26. The manufacturers launch in a stolen Flaming Sword - you must DISABLE it.
27. A massive pirate attack comes to protect their secret system.
28. Gather reinforcements from Zenith. (the Commanders took Jump Drives from the pirates.)
29. Pirates took Crown of Secrecy back when you were away. (Attack them)