start
	name "Arion Expedition Start"
	description "You grew up on New Boston, an uninteresting world in the Dirt Belt. You've dreamed of owning a starship ever since your first visit to the spaceport at the age of fifteen. However, before you were supposed to buy a new ship, a mysterious man gave you an offer that will change your life..... (You will only receive the Bactrian H.A.T)"
	thumbnail "icon"
	date 16 11 3013
	system "Rutilicus"
	planet "New Boston"
	conversation "arion intro"
	account
		credits 1000000
		score 800
	set "license: Pilot's"
	set "license: Arion"
	set "Arion Expedition Start"
	ship "Arion Bactrian Flagship"
		name "SFF H.A.T"
		sprite ship/bactrian
		thumbnail thumbnail/bactrian
		attributes
			category "Heavy Warship"
			cost 20000000
			mass 900
			bunks 250
			"cargo space" 600
			drag 15
			"engine capacity" 210
			"fuel capacity" 700
			"gun ports" 4
			"heat dissipation" 1
			hull 25000
			"outfit space" 1000
			"required crew" 1
			shields 50000
			"turret mounts" 6
			"turret ports" 6
			"flagship" 1
			"weapon capacity" 500
		outfits
			"Arion A.E.W.S"
			"Arion AKs 74u" 150
			"Arion Antimatter Reactor" 2
			"Arion Dragonfire C.I.W.S" 3
			"Arion Flagship Atomic Engines"
			"Arion Jump Drive Core"
			"Arion L.A.R.S"
			"Arion L.C.D" 3
			"Arion M16A3 W/M203" 150
			"Arion P.C.S"
			"Arion S.I Equipment" 250
			"Arion Stunner Laser" 4
			"Arion Stunner Laser Turret" 3
			"Fuel Processor"
		engine -18 230
			zoom 1
			angle 0
			under
		engine 18 230
			zoom 1
			angle 0
			under
		gun -15 -226 
		gun 15 -226 
		gun -40 -133 
		gun -45 -128 
		turret -22 -148 
		turret 26 -80 
		turret -41 -20 
		turret 32 -7 
		turret 53 82 
		turret -37 186 
		bay Fighter -38 -26
			"launch effect" "basic launch"
		bay Fighter 35 36
			"launch effect" "basic launch"
		bay Fighter -47 97
			"launch effect" "basic launch"
		leak leak 30 50
		leak flame 30 80
		leak "big leak" 50 30
		explode "huge explosion" 30
		explode "large explosion" 45
		explode "medium explosion" 35
		explode "small explosion" 25
		"final explode" "final explosion large" 1

conversation "arion intro"
	`	You were walking to the bank when suddenly a mysterious man approaches you. He was wearing a helmet with a gas mask and a trench coat with some armor underneath it. He appears to be heavily armed since you can see at least one handgun on his utility belt and what looks to be a PDW in his trench coat.`
	`	"Hello there, stranger. It appears that you are about to take out a loan to buy a new starship."`
	`	"How do you know?," You say as you prepare your laser pistol.`
	`	"Lets just say we have eyes and ears everywhere Captain. Any ways, i suggest you put your laser pistol away, there is no need for that. I mean no harm since i am only here to help you."`
	`	"With what?," you ask.`
	`	"Well, you are about to take out a loan to buy a starship aren't you Captain. We can offer you a better deal captain. Fly for us, explore the galaxy and bring back ships for us to research and we will give you access to our advanced tech, along with a heavily modified Bactrian made to function as a flagship and 1 million credits, although, if you want a challenge i suggest you only use the more advanced tech when you actually need it since it'll be too easy if you use the entire fleet to kill mere pirates."`
	choice
		"(Ask for proof)"
		"(Accept the deal)"
			goto end
	scene "thumbnail/bactrian"
	`	The man brings you to a hangar area where you see the equipment you'll be using. He tells you that you will receive these ships by 'purchasing' them from the shipyard.`
				goto end
	label end
	`	Of course, you accept the deal. The man first asks for your name before you continue.`
	name
	`	He hand you a credit chip worth the amount of money needed to 'purchase' the ships plus an additional 1 million credits to start your journey. You know that this will be an interesting journey as you head on out to the shipyard. `
	`	'You should refer to me as your Handler from now on.'`



mission "Arion FOB Luna"
	landing
	source "New Boston"
	destination "Luna"
	to offer
		has "Arion Expedition Start"
	on offer
		log "Met a mysterious person who i shall refer to as 'The Handler'. He offered me 1 million credits and a modified Bactrian. This should be interesting."
		log "Persons" "The Handler" "The Handler is the 'caretaker' sent by Arion to supervise you and help you with your mission."
		log "Factions" "Arion" "Apparently, Arion is not from this reality. They are a nation of mainly humans who explore multiple worlds and blend in to research new tech and learn about the world. Their tech is both incredibly good and incredibly expensive, making them use quality over quantity tactics."
		event "Luna FOB access"
		conversation
			`	"Alright, as part of your mission, you will not only need to acquire new warships for us to study, but purchase new equipment to fight stronger enemies. To help you with this, you should head over to Luna. There, you should head over to this location and you should be able to purchase some equipment in our secret FOB."`
				accept

	on complete
		log "Saw the secret base in Luna. Apparently, the base has cloaking devices and jamming devices allowing them to stay relatively hidden from the Republic, somehow. Should have all the equipment needed for me to survive and thrive."
		set "Arion:First Contact=done"
		"salary: Arion" = 25000
		conversation
			`	You approach the coordinates. As you approach, a gate in a crater de-cloaks and opens. You enter the newly formed hole and see a railgun pointed at you, ready to fire if you were hostile. When you exit your ship, what looks to be the officer in charge of the base and his guards greet you.`
			`	"This base is where you will be selling us ships to study and purchase tech from us to complete your missions."`
			`	You are then lead first to the base's shipyard. It isn't really a shipyard per say but more of a holding area for ships. Next you are lead to the outfitter where you can see the outfits that you will be using in the future. Finally, you are lead to the gun store. Inside, there are all sorts of firearms ranging from the small handguns to 50 cal anti material rifles. You know that you will have all the tools needed to complete your mission from now on.`