mission "Arion=First Contact"
	landing
	source "Luna"
	to offer 
		not "Arion Expedition Start"
	on offer
		log "Saw the secret base in Luna. Apparently, the base has cloaking devices and jamming devices allowing them to stay relatively hidden from the Republic, somehow. Should have all the equipment needed for me to survive and thrive."
		set "Arion:First Contact=done"
		"salary: Arion" = 10000
		set "license: Arion"
		payment 5000000
		log "People" "The Handler" "The Handler is the 'caretaker' sent by Arion to supervise you and help you with your mission."
		log "Factions" "Arion" "Apparently, Arion is not from this reality. They are a nation of mainly humans who explore multiple worlds and blend in to research new tech and learn about the world. Their tech is both incredibly good and incredibly expensive, making them use quality over quantity tactics."
		event "Luna FOB access"
		conversation
			`	As you land, someone hails you.`
			`	"Meet me at the spaceport."`
			`	You are confused and don't know what to do next. You decide fuck it, and land your ship near the spaceport. When you enter the spaceport, a mysterious man approaches you. He was wearing a helmet with a gas mask and a trench coat with some armor underneath it. He appears to be heavily armed since you can see at least one handgun on his utility belt and what looks to be a PDW in his trench coat.`
			`	"Hello there stranger, i am a representative of Arion. It appears that you have come to Luna. I have a simple offer to make, if you want to explore the galaxy and bring back technology for us to research, we will give you access to our base here in Luna. Also we will give you a salary and 10 mil to pay of your debts and get some better gear in our base."`
			`	You accept. The man hands you coordinates and what looks to be a license.`
			`	You approach the coordinates. As you approach, a gate in a crater de-cloaks and opens. You enter the newly formed hole and see a railgun pointed at you, ready to fire if you were hostile. When you exit your ship, what looks to be the officer in charge of the base and his guards greet you.`
			`	"This base is where you will be selling us ships to study and purchase tech from us to complete your missions."`
			`	You are then lead first to the base's shipyard. It isn't really a shipyard per say but more of a holding area for ships. Next you are lead to the outfitter where you can see the outfits that you will be using in the future. Finally, you are lead to the gun store. Inside, there are all sorts of firearms ranging from the small handguns to 50 cal anti material rifles. You know that you will have all the tools needed to complete your mission from now on.`