start "Periphery Start"
	name "Periphery Start"
	description `You lived your early years in the Dirt Belt but as a famine struck New Boston, your parents took a chance and moved to the Periphery, where you lived your early teens. You had access to education and you enrolled on Ibixia's Institute of Applied Sciences and took a small job in the local workshop while dreaming to become a Star Captain. After years of hard work you graduate and after continuing to work in the Workshop you finally manage to afford the License and even keep some savings. `
	description ` With the license in hand and the Sky in your reach, you travel to the nearest bank to take out a loan on your first ship... however you think about what your boss told you about the star pilot program and how it can make you evade the large mortgage every pilot faces. You ponder its proposal on the way to the bank and finally reach it.`
	thumbnail "scene/lobby"
	date 16 11 3011
	system "Alzyria"
	planet "Phenixia"
	conversation "periphery intro"
	account
		credits 850000
		score 450
		mortgage Mortgage
			principal 700000
			interest 0.006
			term 548
	set "license: Pilot's"
	
conversation "periphery intro"
	`Its been a while since you set foot here, the large building is imposing as always. Entering here you see that the building has seen some renovations... You finally reach the hall where the bank is but in the other side there's the star pilot program your old boss talked you about. Unfortunately its closed for some reason so you go to the bank now.`
	scene "scene/lobby2"
	`The bank's interior is a strange mix of urban office design composed of wooden walls and floor with patches of plants and grass that break the brown walls every so often; despite this the building is imposing, with story after story of columns and spires and balconies, some looking to be very tall. A doorman stands by a heavy set of glass doors each leading to an office. You are wearing your very best clothes, but you feel shabby next to them.`
	`	The loan broker's office is equally imposing, with large display monitors filling the walls, with stock quotes and other information spilling down them almost too fast to read. You occasionally glimpse the names of places that you have only seen in movies: Solace. Tarazed. Earth.`
	`	The pen is heavy as lead but glides almost without friction as you print your initials on the bottom of page after page of ominous legal documents and sign several dozen statements, notices, and agreements. The banker, a balding middle-aged man in a suit that you suspect costs more than the spaceship you are about to purchase, flips the pages past you quickly, uttering a curt, "Sign here. Now here," as he points to each page. He moves swiftly, mechanically.`
	`	The only moment when he becomes truly animated is when explaining the Truth in Lending statement to you. "You are borrowing 700,000 credits," he says, "to be repaid over the course of a year and a half. Your daily interest rate is 0.8%. Sign here." He grins.`
	`	You sign your name one final time:`
	name
	`	The elevator is so well-tuned that you do not even realize it is moving until it has deposited you back in the lobby. But as you leave the bank, you are smiling. This crazy adventure suddenly feels real to you. You are going to do it. You are finally going to get off this planet.`
	`	Compared to the bank, you feel much more at home in the shipyard, walking among the rusted out hulks and newer ships that gleam in the sunlight. You smell grease and dirt and rocket fuel; wonderful smells. There are many ship models to choose from, but only some are within your price range. Which one you choose will determine your path...`