Small to medium sized mod focused around reverse engineering alien technology and establishing a business empire. 
----- 
What it has: VVV 
~ 
Heavily trading-business focused! 
	 Not any fancy story, mostly fetch-quest type stuff, not for everyone. 
	 Make money, use money to invest so you can make more money. 
		 And eventually reverse engineer stuff. 
		 More about it further down. 
~ 
Build a business empire:
	 Do a series of missions around human space paying for various money-making opportunities. 
		 Income is sent in salary every day. 
		 Return on investment in 200 days. 
		 "Trade routes" will not break down, once you buy it, it makes money for you forever. 
~ 
Own a planet: 
	 Buy your starting planet! (New Boston in the rutilicus system) 
	 Improve the planet, increasing tax income and available shipyard-outfitter content. 
		 Flavor text and background image changes as the planet improves! 
		 You will always be off-planet when the mission completes, so that changes could be applied.
~ 
Reverse engineer: 
	 Improving New Boston unlocks special Tech missions. 
		 These missions give no income, but unlock powerful alien technology to buy on your home planet. 
		 Can get incredibly expensive. 
		 Quarg and drak tech at the end. 
		 Extra dry story and flavor text..................................................
~ 
Standalone: 
	 Much of this mod uses stuff from other mods.
		 Some Code from Legolas' Businessman mod. 
		 Some Images and code from Quarg military retaliation mod. 
	 This mod works with or without the mods it copies content from.
----- 
Plans: VVV 
~ 
1-Un-dry the flavor text. 
2-Add mini story missions to "build a business empire". 
3-Add more complex retrieval quests to "Own a planet". 
4-Add combat and blueprint gathering to "Reverse engineer". 
5-Something with buying the surrounding systems of rutilicus. 
	 Something with mining and outposts there. 
6-Something with building a ringworld in the rutilicus system using end-game tech. 
	 Something about using those mining outposts in those surrounding systems. 
7-Add post-drak tech-tier. 
----- 
Contribute?: VVV 
~ 
I need someone to help me with: 
	 How to make an event that spawns an unfinished ringworld into existing system? 
	 How to remove existing unfinished ringworld? (to replace it with a full one) 
	 How to put "landing spots" on the ringworld? 
	 How to make more complicated missions? 
	 Probably some other modding related stuff that i cannot think of right now....

The end.