outfit "Fissite Capacitor"
	category "Power"
	cost 35000
	thumbnail "outfit/supercapacitor"
	"mass" 4
	"outfit space" -4
	"heat generation" .9
	"energy capacity" 175
	"fuel capacity" 25
	description "Fissite, though conductive, can also store energy just as well. Strangely, though, charging and discharging the mineral produces a bit of heat; even more surprisingly, Fissite can store amounts of Deuterium (hyperspace fuel) in its crystal structure, meaning this capacitor doubles as a tiny fuel pod."
	description "However, being such a small, multipurpose outfit, the capacity for either resource isn't particularly high."
	
outfit "Fissite Batbox"
	category "Power"
	cost 110000
	thumbnail "outfit/supercapacitor"
	"mass" 14
	"outfit space" -14
	"heat generation" 2.2
	"energy capacity" 975
	"fuel capacity" 100
	description "This is a much larger fissite crystal array, capable of carrying enough fuel for an extra jump as well as a considerable quantity of power. The tradeoffs, however, are the crystal's large size and high heat production."

outfit "Pixie RTG"
	category "Power"
	cost 85000
	thumbnail "outfit/small thermionic"
	"mass" 8
	"outfit space" -8
	"energy generation" 0.4
	"heat generation" 0.6
	description "The tiniest power generator option of them all. RTGs produce a rather lackluster amount of power, even for their small size, but produce little heat and can be squeezed into an otherwise very full ship. Compared to fuel cells, they're of similar power, but are smaller and more heat-efficient. Recommended usage is to handle them as ancillary generators only."

outfit "Faefolk RTG"
	category "Power"
	cost 105000
	thumbnail "outfit/small thermionic"
	"mass" 18
	"outfit space" -18
	"energy generation" 1.2
	"heat generation" 1.5
	description "This larger RTG array is actually strong enough to replace the first tier of human fuel cells, with the benefit of being more heat-efficient and a bit smaller."

outfit "Halfmast Nucleovoltaic Core"
	category "Power"
	cost 280000
	thumbnail "outfit/small thermionic"
	"mass" 32
	"outfit space" -32
	"energy generation" 3.6
	"heat generation" 11.8
	description "The Sailors don't use nuclear decay as a power source particularly often, but some innovation has lead to the creation of this small Nucleovoltaic core, designed for fighters and light freighters. It's seen as a necessary step between fuel cells and nuclear reactors, so the tech hasn't been expanded upon further."
	
outfit "Fullmast Nucleovoltaic Core"
	category "Power"
	cost 960000
	thumbnail "outfit/small nucleovoltaic"
	"mass" 74
	"outfit space" -74
	"energy generation" 8.2
	"heat generation" 18.6
	description "This is the most powerful nuclear decay reactor humanity has ever produced; though not stellar, it's suitable for ships with moderate power needs like freighters. Though the technology could theoretically be improved with time, the Sailors have long-since moved onto more advanced fission technology."
	
outfit "Port Core"
	category "Power"
	cost 2500000
	thumbnail "outfit/breeder"
	"mass" 60
	"outfit space" -60
	"energy generation" 9.6
	"heat generation" 28
	description "The Port Core is a smaller Breeder Reactor designed for Heavy Freighters or Light to Medium Warships. Though less efficient than the classic human Breeder Reactor, it is much smaller, and more efficient than a traditional fission reactor."
	
outfit "Chipmunk Plasma Vector"
	category "Engines"
	"cost" 35000
	thumbnail "outfit/tiny plasma thruster"
	"mass" 26
	"outfit space" -26
	"engine capacity" -26
	"thrust" 6.8
	"thrusting energy" 0.88
	"thrusting heat" 1.7
	"turn" 318
	"turning energy" .68
	"turning heat" 1.0
	"flare sprite" "effect/plasma flare/tiny"
		"frame rate" 5
	"flare sound" "plasma tiny"
	description "This modified pair of thrusters can swivel on a mount, allowing it masterful control over how it uses its effort. Though overall efficiency and power is somewhat reduced, the vectored thruster yields quite a bit of bang for its buck."
	description "Advanced trajectory calculation algorithms allow the vector thruster to intelligently decide how hard to fire both nozzles, and at what angles."