start "navarch start"
	name "Navarch Initiate"
	description `You are an aspiring Navarch captain, ready to take on the galaxy with your own two claws. With a generous grant from the Academy, and a bit of resource pooling from a bunch of your fellow graduates, you prepare to make the plunge into space.`
	thumbnail "scene/lobby"
	date 16 11 3013
	system "Arragandant"
	planet "Gulfosala"
	conversation "navarch start"
	account
		credits 200000000
		score 400
	set "license: Pilot's"
	"salary: Graduation Crew" = 10000



conversation "navarch start"
	scene "scene/lobby"
	`You stand before thousands of proud parents and in front of a similarly vast number of academy graduates; the latter of which have been your fellow classmates for the past decade or so. You've trained together on a level that would be envied by many; the rigors of combat practice have not only hardened your own will, but your relationship with the other students.`
	`	The Academy Principal walks up to the podium proudly, a big toothy grin on her face. "I must say, I'm very proud of all of the fine young captains you see standing before you today," She declares contently, a microphone hidden in her uniform lapel broadcasting her voice over the gargantuan stadium, "My brothers and sisters, today we welcome fourty-three thousand, nine-hundred sixty two new captains into our great navy."`
	`	The cheering of the crowd is thunderous; enough to shake the stadium, despite the size. A feeling of pride washes over you; you've witnessed some of these ceremonies before, but they register differently as a graduate. The Principal continues: "As part of our time-honoured tradition, each graduate and their squad will be granted two hundred million credits, with which they can purchase a ship to start their service."`
	`	Dozens of Academy faculty scatter among the crowd, handing out neatly-engraved nametags. It's not too long before you receive yours; a small piece of shimmering yottrite alloy, emblazoned with the name:`
	name
	`	The resulting celebration of the graduation is, quite frankly, the most intense party you've ever been to. You've eaten and drank enough that, come morning, you barely remember you've graduated at all. You stiffly stretch and clean yourself off, before walking through the barracks that has been your home for the past ten years. It's a bittersweet feeling.`
	``
	`	You're soon approached by one of your fellows. As the squad captain, they've opted to give you the final say in what ship you choose to purchase. There aren't too many options within the starting grant range, but the shipyards are well-stocked enough that you have your pick of the lot.`
