#this includes sales
outfit "NL Repulse"
	category "Turrets"
	cost 480000
	thumbnail "outfit/pushpull"
	"mass" 41
	"outfit space" -41
	"weapon capacity" -41
	"turret mounts" -1
	"required crew" 1
	weapon
		sprite "projectile/banisher"
			"frame rate" 60
		sound "banisher"
		"hit effect" "banisher impact"
		"inaccuracy" .4
		"velocity" 590
		"lifetime" 1.25
		"reload" 1
		"firing energy" 2.8
		"firing heat" 4.9
		"hit force" 20
		"shield damage" 1
		"hull damage" 1
	description "Developed by Defiant Industries, this turret is designed to do absolutely no damage to hostile ships and instead just keep them away. This does however stress the targets shields and hulls slightly, and is considered an assault and violation of their autonomy."
	
	
outfit "NL Tractor Beam"
	category "Turrets"
	cost 480000
	thumbnail "outfit/pushpull"
	"mass" 41
	"outfit space" -41
	"weapon capacity" -41
	"turret mounts" -1
	"required crew" 1
	weapon
		sprite "projectile/banisher"
			"frame rate" 60
		sound "banisher"
		"hit effect" "banisher impact"
		"inaccuracy" .4
		"velocity" 590
		"lifetime" 1.25
		"reload" 1
		"firing energy" 2.8
		"firing heat" 4.9
		"hit force" -40
		"shield damage" 1
		"hull damage" 1
	description "Defiant Industries developed a non-leathal way to prevent ships from escaping arrest by the Republic; a simple tractor beam. It turns out, however, that very few people will tolerate being tractored. If you use this, expect to be attacked."
	
outfit "Proximity Grenade"
	category "Hand to Hand"
	cost 34000
	thumbnail "outfit/fragmentation grenades"
	"capture attack" 1.7
	"capture defense" 1.7
	description "One of the few leathal weapons created by Defiant Industries, this upgraded Fragmentation Grenade is outfitted with a high-tech sensor to help it tell the difference between friend and foe. This allows them to safely be used as both an offensive and defensive weapon with very little risk. DI charges an insane amount to discourage their use."
	

outfit "Stun Grenades"
	category "Hand to Hand"
	cost 25000
	thumbnail "outfit/Flashbang"
	"capture attack" 2
	"capture defense" .1
	description "Designed by Defiant Industries, this non-leathal weapon is best used for clearing small rooms and hallways. Although designed for urban combat, it is ideal for clearing enemy vessels safely. It has proven functional against drones, AI, Aliens, and humans. However, it is a high-risk weapon when used defensively."

outfit "Smoke Grenades"
	category "Hand to Hand"
	cost 13000
	thumbnail "outfit/smoke"
	"capture attack" .1
	"capture defense" 2
	description "Another non-leathal weapon designed by Defiant Industries, the smoke dispenser is designed to signal air and spacecraft without use of normal communications. However due to an accident during testing, it was discovered that these smoke dispensers were capable of obstructing vision, even artificially enhanced. Further testing shows that strategic use of these can make shipboard combat easier for the defending team, making this practically useless when attacking."
	
outfit "DI-X114 'Atlas' Droid"
	category "Systems"
	cost 1000000
	thumbnail "outfit/android"
	"Droid" -1
	"required crew" -1
	unplunderable 1
	description "In keeping with Defiant Industries efforts to lessen the amount of casualties taken in space combat, the DI-X114 Atlas was created to reduce required crew complements. They do, however, require charging stations and are not built for combat."
	
outfit "Charging Station"
	category "Hand to Hand"
	cost 42000
	thumbnail "outfit/red screwdriver"
	"Droid" 6
	"mass" 2
	"outfit space" -2
	"cargo space" -2
	"energy generation" -2.6
	"heat generation" 2.9
	description "This is a charging station for droids. Although relatively compact, its power requirements and heat generation can be problematic. It is highly recommended that the power supply be plugged in through your ships outft allotment, but that the drone alcoves themselves be located in your cargo bay for ease of access."

#nb event

mission "DI Trigger"
	landing
	invisible
	deadline 1
	to offer
		has "event: initial deployment 3"
	on offer
		event "Defiant Industries" 5
	
event "Defiant Industries"
	#system Rutilicus #Prob not needed
	planet "New Boston"
		description ` New Boston was a completely unremarkable world. Most of the land is wet and marshy, and the coastal regions are prone to flooding. Some food crops are grown here, but most of the farmers instead plant flax and jute, which grow well in wet soil and are used to make linen and burlap cloth. The textile mills are hot and poorly ventilated, but they offer higher and more reliable income than farming.`
		description `		Thanks to the Free Worlds conflict, Defiant Industries has recently made New Boston it's headquarters and has expanded on its outfitter stock. `
		spaceport ` Stepping out of your ship, you are greeted with the familliar sight of the big tent, but the unfamiliar feeling of walking on a level surface. Defiant Industries has invested in making the New Boston spaceport a bit nicer and easier to use without tainting the rustic feel. Although now prosperous enough planet to afford a better spaceport, the market where ship captains buy and sell cargo is still a large tent rather than a permanent building. It is sturdy enough to keep off the rain and high enough for loads to be brought in and out by trucks and the occasional hovercraft. The enterprising local mechanics who you bought your first ship from have benefited from DI's investment, too. Their repair shop is now better stocked. On top of that, their outfitter is stocked with DI gear that they recieve at a steep discount. You notice that the shipyard is populated with more diverse refurbished ships for sale, too. Perhaps more diverse than anywhere else you've seen.`
		add shipyard "New Boston Used"
		add outfitter "Defiant Industries"
	#system Alioth
	planet "New Tibet"
		add outfitter "Defiant Industries"
	#system Girtab
	planet Harmony
		add outfitter "Defiant Industries"

#sales
shipyard "New Boston Used"
	"Firebird"
	"Leviathan"
	"Berserker"
	"Argosy"
	"Modified Argosy"	
	"Freighter"
	"Aerie"
	"Scout"
	"Dagger"
	"Clipper"
	"Hauler"
	
outfitter "Defiant Industries"
	"NL Repulse"
	"NL Tractor Beam"
	"Proximity Grenade"
	"Stun Grenades"
	"Smoke Grenades"
	"DI-X114 'Atlas' Droid"
	"Charging Station"