UNSC: The UNSC was formed on the planet Reach in the Epsilon-E system after the natives started a revolt against the Republic. Once establishing control over the system, the 
UNSC went to work creating new warships and fighters to combat the Republic. 30 years after stating their independence, the UNSC launched an attack on Sol. After 5 weeks
of space and land battle, the UNSC were victorious. They rid the system of most Republic militants. The UNSC sent occasional scouting parts to the nearby systems to monitor
Republic movements. This is how they discovered the Venator, Acclamator, etc. ships. 


Imperial-Remnant: Shortly after the UNSC discovered the ship vessels, a fleet of gray ships appeared out of hyperspace and contacted the defense force of Reach. When 
communication was established, the gray ships demanded the schematics and all ships found from the wreckage. When the UNSC denied, the gray ships bombarded the planet with 
bombs and their turbolaser cannons. Some ships were destroyed, and they retreated north. Once in empty space, the ships used advanced terraforming technology to create 
their new planet. They established a new government on the planet: The Imperial-Remnant. It is unknown where they came from, but it is theorized that they were at war with
whoever had originally owned the salvaged ship.



NeoCovenant: Sometime before the Imperial-Remnant appeared, a race of zealous aliens appeared on multiple star systems. At first, they seemed to be peaceful, but soon 
they became hostile and started killing and capturing civilians and military personel until the people of the galaxy would hand over what they referred to as 
"Forerunner Technology," which no one knew what that was. Eventually, the galaxy was able to fight the aliens off. A few were captured, and after hard interrogation,
the aliens identified themselves as "The Covenant." They said that their goals are simple: Collect all Forerunner technology, complete what they call "The Great Journey,"
and wipe out all those who appose them.










 