mission "Electrons 1A"
	name `Weapons Development`
	description `Report to Epsilon Leonis to aid in weapons development.`to offer
		has "Electrons 1A: done"
	deadline
	destination "Valhalla"
	on offer
		dialog `You receive a message from Naval Command: "Captain <last>, please report to Epsilon Leonis. They need you to help with developing some new tech.`
	on complete
		conversation 
			`As you begin your landing approach, you recieve a message from the control tower, directing you to a private landing pad about two miles from the main spaceport. You land at the pad and are greeted by three scientists in white lab coats. They introduce themselves as Amy, John, and Peter. As the mechanic refuels your ship, you follow the scientists to a shuttle waiting nearby. You take a seat, flanked by John, while the more reserved Peter sits with his wife, Amy. John instantly begins to chatter about their new weapon, the Electron Beam. He tells you that it is far more advanced than any other beam weapon the Deep has ever created. The shuttle starts moving, and John continues to tell you everything about the beam, but you eventually lose focus. The shuttle stops, and you all climb out. As you gaze at the decrepit warehouse before you, you wonder if the shuttle took you to the wrong place.`
			choice
				`	Uh, is this the right place?`
					goto place
				`	Wow, you certainly chose an odd place to work from. Does this facility even work?`
			`Amy laughs. "No, this is not it. This is just our cover, we can't have the public knowing about a secret weapons facility! I mean, who would expect this to be what it is?"`
					goto elevator
			label place
			`John replies, "Most assuredly, my friend. After all, we mustn't have the public knowing about a secret weapons facility!"`
			label elevator
			`You follow the scientists inside, where there is a well-lit elevator. John puts a code into a keypad, which opens the elevatot doors. You walk in and it begins its descent. You all step into a sleek lab, filled with scientists. John leads you down a path to a sealed room. He motions to Peter, and they both pull out a card and they swipe them simultaneously. The door opens with a hiss and reveals a perfectly white room, and a table on which is seated a new weapon, which you guess is the electron beam. 
			`John motions you over, saying, "Here it is! Twenty tons of pure destruction. But there is one problem. Because of increased pirate problems in Syndicate space, we are missing some crucial materials. We need you to get those materials before we can get this working. Your destination is Lodestone, in the Ankaa system. We have some fun for you when you get back," he says with a wink. You nod assent, even though you are still enamoured by this elegant weapon, and John ushers you back to your ship.`
				done

mission "Electrons 1B"
	name "Weapons Development"
	description `Head to <destination> to pick up materials for the new weapons.`
	to offer
		has "Geminus 3C: done"
	source Valhalla
	destination Lodestone
	on complete
		conversation `You land on Lodestone and find the shipment ready to go. You finish filing the order with the dock master, but as you turn back to your ship in the distance, you realize something is wrong: it is surrounded by ships painted red, and there are dozens of men walking in and out of your ship, carrying what you realize with dread is your cargo. You scream at the dock master to get ships in the air, but the pirates see them coming. The last of the men run into their ships and they bolt into the atmosphere, where you see the ominous silhouette of a Bactrian waiting for you, guns pulsing with energy. You dash into your ship, expecting it to be stripped of everything, but surprisingly everything is untouched, except for the cargo hold, where you find the doors busted open and the tracks of a mobile truck running across the threshold. You quickly dash into the cockpit and radio control tower for permission to depart. Within seconds you have gained priority access and are shooting out of the atmosphere. Now it is up to you to face the pirate fleet, and take back the cargo that is now aboard the bactrian. (Remember, do not destroy the bactrian until you have taken all the cargo from it!)`
	
mission "Electrons 1C"
	name "Stolen Cargo"
	description `Board the Pulsar and take the cargo it has stolen`
	to offer
		has "Electrons 1B: done"
	source Lodestone
	destination Lodestone
	npc board
		government "Pirate"
		personality staying nemesis target
		ship "Bactrian (cargo target)" "Pulsar"
	npc
		government "Pirate"
		personality heroic staying harvests plunders
		system Ankaa
		fleet "Large Northern Pirates"
		fleet "Small Northern Pirates"
	on visit
		dialog "You land on <planet>, but you don't have the special cargo! Return to the <npc> and bring the cargo back to <planet>."
	on complete
		outfit "Secret Cargo" -21
		payment 1500000
        	conversation `<insert dialogue where you get thanked>`

ship "Bactrian" "Bactrian (cargo target)"
	outfits
		"Heavy Laser" 4
		"Heavy Laser Turret" 6
		"Armageddon Core"
		"LP144a Battery Pack"
		"D94-YV Shield Generator"
		"D41-HY Shield Generator"
		"Liquid Nitrogen Cooler"
		"Water Coolant System"
		"Outfits Expansion" 2
		"Laser Rifle" 20
		"Large Radar Jammer"
		"A520 Atomic Thruster"
		"A525 Atomic Steering"
		"Hyperdrive"
		"Special Cargo" 21
	
outfit "Special Cargo"
	category "Special"
	cost 0
	thumbnail "outfit/unknown"
	"mass" 1
	description "Cargo stolen from the docks of Lodestone by a pirate ship which has hidden secrets to special weapons development by the Navy."
