I. Goals
	Provide repeatable end-game content.
		-This content will largely take the form of a gauntlet. Missions are structured around the player being given a handful of keys to enter the nebula. The keys are outfits similar to the quantum keystone - you can only bring as many escorts with you as you have keys.

	Fully kitting out a ship should require a bit of a grind

	The grind should actually be fun, not frustrating; focus on skill instead of RNG
		Getting loot out is best done with a freighter, but heavy freighters are too vulnerable. This rewards nimble/up-gunned freighters, or cargo-modified warships.

		The player will need a transport or marine-oriented warship in order to capture
		vessels. Exit should only be possible after completing mission objectives or aborting in order to prevent farms.
	
		Give ships a large disable window, no random boarding failure. Getting loot or spending crew boarding a ship is a decision point, not a lucky break.
	
	Themes to explore can include the necessary ruthlesness in fighting against an entrenched empire, trust and suspicion if Regime agents infiltrate the Refugees, and militancy vs secrecy. Having them serve as an aggressive counterpoint to the Remnant's isolation could be interest - both are small offshoots trying to survive.

II. Ships

	The general aesthetic for vessels is:
	-Curved, silvery, front-heavy ships. They resemble metallic teardrops, or roughly T-shapes. Thrusters are mounted on the frontal bulge/wings, and pull rather than push the ship's frame. Elegant rather than industrial shapes are preferred - greebling will be minimal, or hidden behind facades. Minimize the use of straight angles in favor of a flowing contour.
	
	-Civilian vessels have large windows showing gardens or aquatic interiors. These can be modeled as domes or just glass-framed apertures on the ship's dorsal surface. I'll need to set a fixed swizzle to accomplish this *or* model the domes as rotationless turrets.
	
	-Regime/civilian tends to use an emerald-green for highlights or glowing elements. Same swizzle as Sheragi.
	
	-Rebels swap the green out for orange, and tend to have crude armor plating bolted where windows used to be. They'll almost exclusively use up-armored, up-gunned civilian ships.

	Regime Navy	
		Cyclops Battleship
			Superheavy Warship
			D Speed
			C Turning
			Excels at engaging superheavies and heavy warships
			Vulnerable to fighter wings and light warships
			Only appears as a nebula boss
			2 Spinal Mounts (Plasma+Ion Helix Guns)
			4 Turrets (Artillery)
			
		Echidna Supercarrier
			Superheavy Warship
			D Speed
			D Turning
			Excels at engaging multiple heavy warships
			Vulnerable to light warships/strong anti-fighter outfitting
			Only appears as a nebula boss
			6 Turrets (Antimissile/Plinker mix)
			8 Fighter Bays
			12 Drone Bays
		
		Pegasus Battlecruiser
			Superheavy Warship
			B Speed
			C+ Turning
			Effectively an overclocked Titan. Bigger engines, one large gun.
			Vulnerable if it loses speed/maneuvering, and to fighter/bomber wings.
			1 Spinal Mount
			3 Gun Ports (1 Spinal cannon + 2 Mauler Missiles)
			6 Turrets (Beam/Blaster)
		
		Titan Cruiser
			Heavy Warship
			D Speed
			C Turning
			Excels at killing medium warships
			Vulnerable to fighter wings and light warships
			3 Gun Ports (Artillery Missiles)
			6 Turrets (Beams)
			
		Scylla Carrier
			Heavy Warship
			C Speed
			D Turning
			Space superiority or anti-cruiser (depends if fighters are plinkers or maulers)
			Vulnerable to direct engagement
			6 Fighter Bays
			6 Drone Bays
			2 Gun Ports (Artillery Missiles)
			4 Turrets (Plinker/Antimissile Mix)
			
		Hecatoncheire Cruiser
			Heavy Warship
			C Speed
			C Turning
			Upgraded Hydra; serves as a miniboss/mission target.
			8 Gun Ports (Mauler/Beam)
			3 Turrets (Blaster + 1 AM)
			
		Hydra Cruiser	
			Heavy Warship
			C Speed
			C Turning
			Brawler with a deadly frontal arc
			Dies to what it can't catch up to or maneuver to face
			6 Gun Ports (Mauler/Beam)
			2 Turrets (Blaster)
			
		Charybydis Destroyer
			Medium Warship
			C Speed
			C Turning
			Gun platform. Flak variant counters fighters, artillery variant counters light warships.
			Vulnerable to medium+ warships
			2 Gun Ports (Missiles)
			5 Turrets (4 Artillery/Plinker + 1 Antimissile)
		
		Gorgon Destroyer
			Medium Warship
			C Speed
			B Turning
			Light warship killer
			Vulnerable to artillery and kiting
			1 Spinal Mount (Tractor Beam)
			4 Gun Ports (Mauler)
			2 Turrets (Blaster)
			
		Manticore Corvette
			Light Warship
			A Speed
			B Turning
			Eats fighters for breakfast
			Vulnerable to heavier vessels
			2 Gun Ports (Plinker missiles)
			2 Turrets (Plinker) 
		
		Minotaur Bomber
			Light Warship
			B Speed
			D Turning
			Heavy bomber
			Vulnerable to fighters and light warships
			6 Gun Ports (4 Maulers, 2 single-shot bombs)
			1 Turret (Antimissile/Antifighter)
		
		Centaur Bomber
			Interceptor
			B Speed
			C Turning
			Light bomber
			Vulnerable to space superiority fighters/light warships
			4 Gun Ports (2 Maulers, 2 single-shot bombs)
			1 Turret (Plinker)
			
		Nemean Interceptor
			Interceptor
			A Speed
			B Turning
			Heavy escort interceptor
			Vulnerable to light warships
			3 Gun Ports (Beam, 2 Plinker Missiles)
			
		Harpy Fighter
			Fighter
			A Speed
			A Turning
			Space superiority fighter
			Vulnerable to light warships
			2 Gun Ports (1 Plinker Gun, 1 Plinker Missile)
			-Mauler variant uses only one of the slots for a large rocket pod
		
		Shade Drone
			Drone
			B Speed
			A Turning
			Suicide drone
			Vulnerable to fighters, light warships
			1 Gun Port (Single-shot suicide bomb)
	
	Civilian/Regime Logistics
		Cerberus Transport
			Heavy Transport
			D Speed
			D Turning
			Well armored transport vessel. Tends to self-destruct, well-escorted.
			Older ones are used as prison hulks, otherwise they serve as heavy troop transports.
			Plunderable isolation pods which can be returned to the refugees for rewards.
			6 Turrets (2 Antimissile, 4 Blaster)
			
		Military Shuttle
			Light Transport
			A Speed
			C Turning
			Fast and well-shielded. Tends to have a substantial Pegasus/Hydra escort.
			Worth looting. Good engines, lootable intelligence, capturable VIPs?
			2 Turrets (Antimissile, Blaster)
			
		Chimera Transport
			Medium Freighter
			C Speed
			C Turning
			A decently protected, decently agile transport.
			A mediocre loot option. Might have some goods which the refugees will buy.
			3 Turrets (Antimissile, 2 Plinker)
		
		Transport Technical
			Medium Freighter
			C Speed
			C Turning
			Military Transport that's been modified by rebels. More armor, more guns, more sluggish
			Not capturable. Becomes available at the shipyard as the campaign progresses.
			2 Gun Ports
			3 Turrets
		
		Freight Pod
			Light Freighter
			C Speed
			C Turning
			Mostly exists to provide flavor. Only spawns as civilian, floats around.
			Becomes a valid target if the player influences the refugees to embrace piracy.
			Unarmed
			
		Transport Pod
			Light Transport
			C Speed
			C Turning
			Mostly exists to provide flavor. Only spawns as civilian, floats around.
			Becomes a valid target if the player influences the refugees to embrace terrorism.
			Unarmed
			
		Suicide Pod
			Light Transport
			B Speed
			C Turning
			Begins to spawn under the refugee faction if they embrace "for the greater good" ideals. Flings itself into Regime ships and explodes.
			1 Gun Port (Single-shot suicide bomb)
					

III. Outfits

	Flak Artillery Cannon
		Plinker, long range, used on larger ships to screen against waves of fighters
	
	Pulse Artillery Cannon
		Upgraded FAC that can be looted from deeper in the Nebula or as a special reward.
		
	Plinker Missile
		Kills fighters. Fast, good turning, modest damage. Low maximum DPS, but basically guarantees hits. 
	
	[Polearm] Mass Driver
		Artillery guns of various caliber. Fires a fast traveling slug at long range. Low refire rate; generally optimized for combating medium warships. Anything smaller should be able to dodge - anything larger you don't need the accuracy and could instead target with beams.
	
		The smallest variety might qualify as plinkers instead of artillery.
		
	[Axe] Railgun
		Beam-style guns that are just a torrent of explosive slugs with very high accuracy and speed. Whatever this is mounted on should have absolutely terrible rotational speed. This is made for cracking open capital ships and stationary installations - it should be very difficult to bring to bear on anything agile. High heat, high energy use.
		
		Should be used sparingly in fleet deployments. Whatever has it will be a critical threat, but also prone to overheating. Sustained fire is absolutely deadly.
		
	Artillery missile
		It's a torpedo. Good speed and damage, low rate of fire and turn rate. Better against medium+ warships. Doesn't quite have the oomph to tear apart heavies alone - you'll need beams or maulers for that. 
	
	Ionic Wave Cannon
		Spinal mount gun that deals massive amounts of ion effect. Actually produces energy when fired, but also massive amounts of heat.
	
	Thermal Wave Cannon
		Spinal mount gun that deals massive amounts of heat damage. Consumes huge amounts of energy when fired, while significantly cooling your ship.
		
	Gorgon's Gaze
		Tractor beam. Weakens engines and tugs the target close. Pair with mauler weapons for maximum effect. 
		
	Snakebite Rockets
		Short range barrage rockets with a low propellant load and loads of explosives packed in. High rate of fire, minimal tracking, pathetic range, ruinous damage. A fighter wing armed with these should be able to tear apart anything they can get close to. 
		
	Fissioncracker Autocannon
		Mauler. Mostly inferior to the Snakebite, but doesn't have ammo restrictions. Rapidfires ionizing slugs at a target. Good hull damage. Low projectile speed makes it impractical for dogfighting, but it shoots a bit further than other maulers. 

IV. Lore
	
	Hyper-isolationist species living in a green-tinged nebula. Fully hostile to the player.
	Refugee/Exile/Rebel faction sides with the player after making contact with captives from the first expedition into the wormhole. Rebels assign the player targets and provide the keystones needed to get in/out of the nebula. 
	
	Consider making the isolationist former Pug thralls. They played along for some time, but eventually decided enough was enough. Rather than follow the wormhole to their new assignment they stayed put, purposefully severing the only wormhole leading out.
		-The Pug abandoned them and created the Wanderers instead?
		-They're a faction of Wanderers from a handful of molt-cycles ago who decided to stay in their homes rather than move on?
		-They're a military reserve being kept bottled by the Pug. Though the Pug seem more than capable of fighting themselves, so... Probably not this.
		-They purposefully rebelled against the Pug and were locked away as punishment?
	
	At any rate, the governing regime is so thoroughly isolationist that they hunt down and kill anyone with the knowledge to make a quantum key that allows passage through the wormhole. This knowledge is passed down from refugee to refugee, with each generation crafting keys, escaping, then destroying them so that they can't be followed. As such, the refugee faction is only willing to *lend* keys to the player, requiring their return at the end of the mission.
	
	Planets are beautiful, paradise-like worlds maintained through the ruthless exploitation of citizenry. A quite literal social contract exists which grants citizens rights, but at the cost of always being subject to press-gang into effective slavery. These people form the economic backbone of the society, suffering and dying so that everyone else can thrive. Slaves have a short life expectancy on account of having to work with unshielded reactors or in generally dangerous conditions; rebellions are ruthlessly crushed. The average citizen is content, healthy, and well-fed.
	
	The rebel faction, on the other hand, is going to generally be cancer-ridden, maimed, malnourished, and generally in rough shape. The most sick generally volunteer for commando missions, seeing a quick death for a noble cause as a preferable alternative to wasting away. They all remember how good life was before impressment - the underclass is not hereditary, but based on random abduction. Some might see subjugation and authoritarianism as simply being the natural order of things, and only wish to be returned to the top of the stack - others might take a more revolutionary approach. The player's interactions will potentially shape how the new society arranges itself. 
	

V. Missions

	Repeatables:
		
		Get to the center, kill the boss
			-Fairly straightforward. Player will be bottlenecked by lack of hyperlinks and wormhole-based transit, possibly defense stations guarding each wormhole. This requires them to actually fight their way to the boss.
		
		Refugee rescue
			-Board OR kill the prison transport
			-Big rep gain for boarding it and escaping
			-Refugee faction will accept the death of their comrades as better than imprisonment, but will act glum. Maybe count as mission success and pays out but lose rep?
			
		Smuggling goods/people
			-Move goods/VIPs from one refugee faction stronghold to another, OR to a regime-controlled planet
			-You'll be under attack the entire way. This isn't so much smuggling as transport through hostile territory. 
			
		Evacuation
			-Fight your way to a planet
			-Defeat its defense fleet
			-Land, fill all your bunks with refugees
			-Escape the nebula
			
VI. Campaign
	
	OVERALL FRAMEWORK:
		Act I: This act largely deals with the rebel faction getting settled in on Aki'il. The main conflict is between them and their brethren beyond the wormhole. Without any real industrial base, they're largely dependent on aid from the player/Remnant and are forced to remain in-system by the Ka'het. Themes to explore are the societal foundations that led to the split, how the society within the nebula remained stable for so long, and hints at why the Avernals were created by the Pug. 
		
		Act II: Thanks to the player's actions, the Avernal escapees have managed to build up an actual industrial base on Kaeyin, as well as a few orbital installations. Within the nebula - again, aided by the player - they've created smuggling networks that regularly divert shipments of advanced goods from Regime factories to Kaeyin. This enables the Avernals to begin pushing past Ka'het space towards the Ember Waste, so as to realize their Pug-given destiny as stellar refurbishers. Contact is made with the Wanderers, who send advisors. Tension between the Wanderers and the Avernals build over disagreement as to the nature of the Pug. The Wanderers view them with reverence, but not the fanaticism which the Avernals do. Avernals insist upon complete control over their projects, often to the displeasure of Wanderer and Remnant characters who've helped them get this far.
		
		Act III: The Ka'het have been weakened to a point where supply convoys can move from Aki'il to the Ember Wastes without much worry of anhilation. The Avernals begin blossoming into a regional power, demanding the subservience of those bordering them so as to more efficiently pursue the goal the Pug made them for. The Wanderers desire their cousins to chill out so that they don't self-destruct in their inflexibility. Adventorous people from Remnant space have, by this point, settled into integrated communities in some of the systems the Avernals have begun to repair - whether attracted by scientific curiosity or youthful wanderlust, they're there to stay. Up until now scarcity has kept power relatively balanced, but the Avernals become increasingly intolerant to dissent - a tragic mirror of the persecution they suffered from the established powers within the nebula they escaped from. 
		
		Act IV: Coexistence or conflict. The Avernals, incredibly inflexible compared to the Remnant and Wanderers, find that their differences are increasingly irreconcilable. War breaks out in the Ember Wastes; Wanderers withdraw their advisors and mourn the foolishness of their Pug-created brethren. The Player needs to choose between helping the Remnant and the Avernals. Avernal victory will - over the course of millenia - lead to a rebirth of the Ember Wastes into a warm, bountiful region of space. Remnant victory restores their isolation and, after pushing the Avernals back to the Avernus Nebula warmhole in Aki'il, they take over providing the player missions into the gauntlet.
	
		Campaign starts with the player boarding a derelict ship in Aki'il. This ship will give the player a Damaged Quantum Key.
		
		Player takes the Damaged Quantum Key to the Remnant, who take it for further study.
		
		After a week or so the Remnant notify the player that they've sent in an exploratory vessel using the restored key. The fleet is reported as having lost contact a day after entering the wormhole. 
		
		Another week passes and a signal is received from the other side of the wormhole. It's sent by a mixed crew of Remnant and natives who've escaped from captivity together and desperately need aid, are under pursuit, and intend to rendezvous at Aki'il
				
		The escapees have been forced down and are being suppressed by fightercraft strafing their hideout. Player must kill all enemy ships in orbit before evacuating. The Remnant decide that they can't bring the refugees with them, and so they're given what supplies can be spared and left to settle.
		
		Expository conversation takes place; lay out the refugee's side of the story, hint a bit at the nature of their species as the Pug's castoffs. 
		
		Refugees offer their first mission: Liberate some of their comrades who have the knowledge to create more Quantum Keys. They give you the key from their now-wrecked ship.
			
			-Short gauntlet run into a cluster neighboring the start point. Disable the prison transport and board it. This would be a good chance to include named characters, such as a commando leader or a scientist. 
		
		Return to the refugee camp. The influx of new people is enough to make it a small village instead of just a few scrap-shacks. The refugees reclaim their key and hold it for safekeeping. Repeatable missions are added to the job board which allow the player to enter the nebula. 
		
		At some point diplomacy with the Remnant needs to come into play. Refugees fleeing to Remnant space through the Graveyard could bring up some interesting interactions/conflict.
		
		Add some sort of news scanner to the spaceport that displays propaganda broadcasts from the Regime.
		

VII. Integration to other regions

	Short term storytelling potential is the struggles of setting up a refugee society and trying to liberate those still trapped within, alongside more martial escapades like hunting down and eliminating targets in the gauntlet.
	
	Relations with the Remnant might come from sharing worlds made newly-habitable in the Ember Wastes.
	
	Relationship with the Wanderers will be one of rivalrous cooperation. The Pug "loyalists" view themselves as the rightful heirs of restorative work in the galaxy, and though they accept help from the Wanderers, they refuse to grant their avian cousins any control over the project.