mission "Guz: First Contact"
	landing
	description "Prove that the Guz'Pas and Guz'Huk can trust you by going to <destination> and killing the Guz'Kah fleets at this location. You will be rewarded a Guz' translator."
	destination Guz'Alma
	clearance "You are allowed to land, Captain."
	source
		government "Guz'Huk"
	on offer
		conversation
			`Your blast door opens, and you suddenly see crowd of some sort of bipedal tortoises. They look to all be taller than you. Their arms look so big and developed that you imagine they can strike you dead in a single blow. Their shell seems to cover their back and shoulders, which seems to restrain they arms movement. They all seem to be very afraid by you, and you can see that this civilization has never officially met humans.`
			`After a few minutes, 3 men of this species come toward you and ask you to follow them. They say they're taking you to the minister.`
			choice
				`Follow them.`
					goto next
				`Deny and leave the planet.`
					flee
				`Deny and start attacking them`
					dialog "You are able to kill the three guards but more and more are arriving and you get captured. It's the end of your journey as a spaceship captain."
					die
			label next
			`A few minutes later, you finally arrive in a room which seems to be a huge office room. They make you sit on a chair in front of their minister. He starts to talk:`
			`"Greetings, I don't think you're aware of us, the Guz'. Let me first introduce me and our species to you. We, the Guz' are a species that started to developed about 6,000 years ago. We fairly quickly developed spaceflight when we discovered that our star were going to supernova. A hundred years later, met another race and we had a great war. This war lasted for about 300 years, leaving at a draw when neither could fight anymore. We've learned how to make powerful missiles for cheap and it has become our primary defense, and we slowly moved onto the offense. By A.D. 1, we were already spreading out and had made contact and wars with a few others alien species. Then, what we call the Great Attack happened, leaving us shrinking. The Great Attack happened around A.D. 100, when be believed we were attacked by many strange enemies. A few of our major stars went supernova, and many ships of ours disappeared; after a few hundred years, we were back to a few systems."`
			choice
				`next`
					goto next2
			label next2
			`"Then, we found The Wormhole and went through it. There we found systems and planets to colonize and exploit, a secret territory. Meanwhile, while we were colonizing, we encountered a weaker race that only had a few systems and no hyperdrives. There was a war between us that lasted 17 years, ending in the destruction of that weaker race. Afterwards, we lived in peace but did not expand much, that is until the human race began to expand. Then they destroyed some of our convoys, so we abandoned some of their systems on the edge of their newfound territory. There was another wormhole that was connected to their space which would later become the human space. Around A.D. 2,600, the wormhole disappeared. We are now isolated from all other races. During this time, we designed our own shield systems and began to build larger transport and cargo ships along with new warships.`
			`After being isolated from all other races, we split into 3 different species because of a small faction: the Guz'Kah who began to attack other Guz', effectively making them pirates. Because of the Guz'Kah, the two other main factions: the Guz'Pas and the Guz'Huk developed apart from each other while defending against the Guz'Kah as allies. The Guz'Kah are a pirate-like factions, the Guz'Huk was formed around trading and cargo exportation/importation, and the Guz'Pas was a faction formed around warships and artillery development."`
			choice
				`next`
					goto next3
			label next3
			`"Wow, it is really interesting and complicated. Am I allowing to fly in your systems?" you say.`
			`"You are here, in <origin>, a planet of the Guz'Huk. The Guz'Huk and Guz'Pas have a common first minister, me. I'm willing to let you interact with us if you can prove your qualities as a spaceship captain and as a person of trust."`
			`"Okay, I understand; how can I prove that to you?"`
			`"I already have a mission for you: if you can to <destination>, eliminate all the Guz'Kah and then land on <planet>, there will be a person waiting for you that will give you a translator that will give you the ability to understand our language. Then, you will then be allowed to fly in our systems. You will find the system in the very north of the Wanderer space."`
			`You say goodbye to the minister and are ready to begin your mission.`
				accept
		
		log "Factions" "Guz'" "The Guz' are a relatively new species, only about 6,000 years old. They developed spaceflight fairly quickly when they discovered their star was going to supernova (B.C. 1,000; 2,000 years old). Only a hundred years later, they met another race, and there was a great war. It lasted 300 years, leaving at a draw when neither could fight more. (the other species may have disappeared by now, though) Even though the Guz' had not made weaponry before the war, they still managed to last that long using big missiles they could scrap together."
		log "Factions" "Guz'" "By this time, they had learned how to make powerful missiles cheaply. This became their primary defense, and they slowly moved onto the offensive. By A.D. 1, they were already spreading out and had made contact and wars with several other aliens. Then the Great Attack happened, leaving them shrinking."
		log "Factions" "Guz'" "The Great Attack happened around A.D. 100, when they believed they were attacked by many strange enemies. Several of their major stars went supernova, and ships mysteriously disappeared. (Was it an attack, or was it some anomaly or something that caused this?) After a few hundred more years, they were back to a few systems."
		log "Factions" "Guz'" "Then they found the wormhole and went through it. There they found systems and planets to colonize, a secret territory. But while they were colonizing, they found a weaker race that had only a few systems and no hyper/jump drives. There was a war with them that lasted 17 years, ending in the destruction of the weaker race."
		log "Factions" "Guz'" "After that, they lived in peace but did not expand much, until humans began to expand. Then they destroyed some convoys and abandoned some of their systems on the edge of human space. There was another wormhole that connected their space to what would become human space, though the gap between their systems was small enough to use Jump Drives on."
		log "Factions" "Guz'" "Around A.D. 2,600, the wormhole disappeared. They are now isolated from all other races."
		log "Factions" "Guz'" "In the time between them leaving and starting my own journey as a pilot, they design their shields and began to build larger transport/cargo ships along with new warships. (The transport/cargo ships are more the size of medium to large warships.)"
		log "Factions" "Guz'" "After being isolated from all other races, they split into 3 different species because of a small faction: the Guz'Kah who began to attack other Guz', making them pirates. Because of the Guz'Kah, the two other main factions: the Guz'Pas and the Guz'Huk developed apart from each other while defending against the Guz'Kah as allies. The Guz'Kah are a pirate-like factions, the Guz'Huk was formed around trading and cargo exportation/importation, and the Guz'Pas was a faction formed around warships and artillery development."
	on complete
		set "license: Guz' Translator"
		set "language: Guz'"
		"reputation: Guz'Pas" += 200
		"reputation: Guz'Huk" += 200
		dialog "You land on <destination> and get your Guz' Translator."
	npc kill
		personality staying target
		government "Guz'Kah"
		fleet "Large Guz'Kah"
		fleet "Small Guz'Kah"
		fleet "Small Guz'Kah"
		system "Guz' Fras"
