outfit "Cheap Armor Plating"
	category "Systems"
	cost 10000
	thumbnail "outfit/cheaparmor"
	"mass" 4
	"outfit space" -4
	"hull" 50
	description "The greasy man selling this armor kit informs you that it is 'gently used', and 'streamlined for efficiency'. It would appear that parts of the armor fell afoul of a very angry beam weapon, and while it would still conceivably protect your ship, it's clear that they failed to protect someone else's."

outfit "Light Armor Plating"
	category "Systems"
	cost 25000
	thumbnail "outfit/lightarmor"
	"mass" 6
	"outfit space" -6
	"hull" 100
	description "Captains have long resorted to adding so-called 'ablative shielding' to their ships to protect them from hostile weapons fire and potential collisions. While armor plating will slow down a ship, it also provides helpful protection."

outfit "Heavy Armor Plating"
	category "Systems"
	cost 100000
	thumbnail "outfit/heavyarmor"
	"mass" 30
	"outfit space" -30
	"hull" 600
	description "Up-armoring a whole ship is an effective way to protect it from hostile fire, but it also has the negative effect of significantly weighing down the ship. Armor packages exist for most models of starcraft, and are easily customized to fit other vessels if necessary."

outfit "Turret Computer"
	category "Systems"
	cost 55000
	thumbnail "outfit/turretcomputer"
	"mass" 1
	"outfit space" -1
	"required crew" -1
	"turret computer capacity" -1
	description "Replacing a crewman with a computer allows a ship to be operated with a leaner crew, saving money for savvy pilots, but also allowing more room to be made by reducing the number of bunks required."

outfit "Bunk Conversion"
	category "Systems"
	cost 40000
	thumbnail "outfit/orange screwdriver"
	"outfit space" 10
	"bunks" -4
	description "Many large warships come with more bunks than wind up being used, especially if their captains are shy of boarding enemy ships. This conversion allows bunk space to be reclaimed for room to store outfits.

outfit "Weapons Expansion"
	category "Systems"
	cost 50000
	thumbnail "outfit/purple screwdriver"
	"outfit space" -2
	"weapon capacity" 8
	description "Retooling a ship to support more weapons is somewhat inefficient, but allows a ship to carry larger guns than it otherwise could."

outfit "Engine Expansion"
	category "Systems"
	cost 50000
	thumbnail "outfit/green screwdriver"
	"outfit space" -2
	"engine capacity" 8
	description "Popular among smugglers and racers, engine expansions are somewhat inefficient, but provide a ship with more room for thrusters, allowing a captain to improve their ship's speed and maneuverability."
