As you come to land on this strange planet you look down and see small human-like creatures running into strange buildings. Some are running into strange domes. As you look at the domes they turn around, revealing guns. They start shooting at you and (ship)'s hull immediately starts sustaining damage, the projectiles appear to pass straight through your shields. You crash land in a clear area of ground surrounded by hedges. 

CHOOSE
1(Go to the window.)

1(Go to the window.) You go to the window and see that the people are creeping back out of the buildings. They are about half as tall as a grown man. There is another thing that doesn't seem right about them but you just can't pin it. Then you realise what looks unusual: they each have only one leg. One of them spots your face at the window. It screams something and points at your face. They all look at where the first one pointed, scream, and bound back into the buildings.

After waiting for some time at the window, you see no further movement, so decide to inspect the ship for damage.

You conduct all the investigations you can from inside the ship, not yet daring to venture outside. The engine appears to have sustained damage from the gunfire - you cannot be sure of the details without a closer inspection from outside the ship, but it is clearly severe enough to prevent you from taking off. Your sensors detect that the atmosphere of this planet is breathable. However the sun is already setting, and it may be unsafe to go out on an unknown alien planet after dark. After locking your doors you go to your bunk for a sleep.

CHOOSE
(Next day)
You get up in the morning and look out the window. There is a basket with a type of fruit or something below the window where they saw your face yesterday. You also see that there are some aliens peeping over the bushes.

CHOOSE
1(Go get the basket.)

1(Go get the basket.) "Luckily the door isn't far from the window" you think, as you go to the airlock door. You open the door and look carefully around for any danger. You then quickly rush to the basket, pick it up, and rush back to the safety of (ship). You look at the fruit. It resembles a star.

CHOOSE
1(Look out the window.) 2(Eat the fruit.)

1(Look out the window.) You look out the window. You see the aliens that were peeping over the hedges jump back to the buildings very quickly.

CHOOSE
1(Eat the fruit.)

1/2(Eat the fruit.) You eat the fruit. It is soft on the outside but hard and crunchy on the inside, and past the crunchy part there is liquid. But its taste sticks out most. You rush to the toilet to be sick. You come back, nice and refreshed, and eat a proper meal from your stores.

After breakfast, you cautiously exit the ship again, and inspect it for damage, constantly feeling that you are being watched. It turns out that the gunfire made a lucky hit and damaged a crucial engine component. The damage would not be serious if you had access to an outfitter and spare parts, but will be extremely difficult and time consuming to repair while stranded on an alien world with only access to your emergency toolkit, if it is repairable at all. You realise that you are going to be stranded on this planet for some time.

You return to your ship to consider your next steps. Once you have come to grips with the enormity of the situation, you gradually become more and more aware of the momentous nature of your discovery of this planet. You have never heard even a single rumour of these systems or these aliens before, and realise you are probably the first human to ever discover them. This is so important that it really should be recorded, particularly given that you will be stuck on this planet for some time. You decide to start a diary. Finding an empty notebook, you record everything that has happened since you landed on the planet.

Then you do a careful stocktake of the tools and few spare parts that you have available, and begin to plan how you may be able to do an emergency repair that would be sufficient to allow you to get the ship back to a human outfitter. This is very difficult and you are unable to come up with a workable plan, but are confident you will find a solution eventually. Fortunately you were responsible for machinery maintenance at one time in your old textile job, where the machinery was obsolete and often broke down in unexpected ways, so you have some experience putting together makeshift repairs of machinery. You are confident you'll find a solution, although you will be nervous trusting your life to it when you finally have to take off.

Realising the importance of getting to know the local inhabitants, you draw a quick picture of you and the aliens sitting down in a circle talking, hoping that this will tell them that you are friendly. Before going to bed, you put the picture you have drawn in the basket, with some chocolate, and put it down outside the door where you found it.

(continue)

Diary entry, day 3: 

When I woke up today, six of these strange aliens were sitting in a circle outside my ship, as if waiting for something. They looked a lot like the picture I left in the basket yesterday.

When I opened the door and left the ship, they all appeared frightened to see a creature twice as tall as them. They eyed me suspiciously, especially my legs. We attempted to talk to each other using sign language. I think I was able to give them the impression that I was peaceful. I think they intend to return tomorrow. But they may have meant something quite different.

These aliens are about two thirds the height of a human, and each have one very muscular leg. They travel by jumping, and appear to travel at a similar speed to a human, but look very peculiar while they do so. Their upper body is quite similar to a human. They look like the monopods of old human stories. 

The remainder of the day was spent beginning to dismantle my engine.

I have realised that I have another problem - hyperspace fuel. I will need to refuel before I can return to human space. I do not know whether this is available on this planet.

(continue)

Day 7:

For the past few days, every morning there has been a small group of monopod aliens sitting outside my ship. The number changes, one day there were three and another day there were 10. But there is one monopod who is there every day, and who takes the lead in trying to talk to me. I am starting to consider him a friend, although I am still not certain what his name is. I am assuming he is male because of his long red beard, but most of the monopods I have seen have beards so it is possible that both genders have them. He has said several different words while pointing to himself. One is probably his personal name, but I don't know which. The other words could be the name of his tribe, or species, or even the type of clothing he is wearing. Trying to communicate when you don't know the local language is very difficult! 

They do like to eat chocolate. I have very little left.

I am making very slow progress on repairing my engine. 

(continue)

Day 15:

I have worked out that the main monopod speaking to me is named Tokani. We are beginning to be able to communicate with a few phrases - he seems to be learning my language faster than I am learning his. He appears to have a great sense of humour, and is fun to spend time with, despite the communication barrier.

Today I raced Tokani from one side of the clearing to the other. He is faster than I am, however he takes some time to get up to speed. I can accelerate faster than him, and can turn at each end much easier - with only one leg he has to slow down and turn very carefully. As a result we are both a similar speed. He can however jump over my head almost effortlessly.

I have been able to repair most of the damage now, however there is one solid metal component that I simply need to have a replacement manufactured. The monopods use various vehicles including aircraft, and clearly have reasonably advanced weapons systems, so no doubt have the ability to manufacture the component that I need. Unfortunately I will need to have a greater grasp of their language before I can communicate what I require and try to persuade them to help me. They are probably going to be nervous about helping me in case I prove dangerous to them. 

I have decided my primary need is to build my ability to communicate with the monopods, and to ensure that they see me as a friend and will be willing to help me.

Day 30:

I have now spent two weeks completely focussed on building my relationship with Tokani and learning to communicate, without working on my ship. Although I still know only a few phrases of his language, he is able to talk to me in mine as well as a human toddler would. I am amazed at his language ability. 

I have been living with Tokani and his family for the past few days. His children were very scared of me at first (only one is taller than my knee), but soon came to accept me as normal. The real breakthrough came when one of the children kicked a ball up a tree, and was very upset. I climbed the tree to get it down, and they were all amazed to see somebody climbing a tree. Although they can jump well, they find climbing extremely difficult and almost never even attempt it. The children now look at me like I am some sort of superhero. 

But I do look ridiculous when climbing the stairs - or what I call the stairs. The ceilings in monopod houses are about the same height as human ceilings, because although they are short they jump instead of walking, and their heads would hit the ceiling if it was any shorter. Their houses usually have two or more floors, but they do not use stairs as humans do. They can jump, they don't need stairs. Instead, they have a single large step about my chest height (or their head height), halfway between the floor and ceiling. They simply jump up onto this step, then straight onto the next floor. I have to haul myself up onto this step using my arms, and then repeat the process to get onto the second floor. It looks ridiculous and the children laugh hysterically and tease me by seeing how many times they can jump past me up and down the stairs before I have got to the top. 

Tonight I think we are going out to some sort of formal dinner. I do not know what it is for or who will be there.

Day 31:

We did go to a formal dinner last night. Many monopods were there, some of whom I had never seen before and appeared to be in authority, possibly some sort of government leaders - the few locals present were very nervous around them anyway. I was seated with them, at a seat and table that appeared to have been specially made for the occasion to allow me to sit at the same level as them. 

After the meal Tokani and myself had a long, slow conversation with these leaders, mostly communicating using diagrams. I was able to explain that I came from a long way away, and point out my home star Rutilicus on a star map. They indicated that they could travel on the land, and in the atmosphere, and had put unmanned satellites in orbit around their planet. But they had never even travelled to their own moon. They indicated that they were the rulers of this entire planet. Afterwards they had a long conversation with Tokani. 

They want to visit the <ship name> tomorrow. I really need their help to get it working again, so agreed to this. I am hoping they will be bringing an engineer to look at the ship, and I can show them the part I need repaired.

At the start of the meal I was presented with another one of the star fruits that I had received on my first day at the ship. This appeared to be a very special honour, as nobody else had one, and everybody watched me to see what I would do with it. I very carefully ate a small corner of it, which appeared to please everyone, and they started eating their own food after that. Tokani's older children were nervously moving around helping serve the food, and I saw them eyeing my uneaten star fruit. When nobody seemed to be looking I sneakily passed the fruit to one of them, and he looked very surprised and excited. He hid it in his clothing and raced off to a small table in the corner which the children were sitting at when they were not busy helping. I later saw all the children sneakily eating something. When we returned home, the child I had given the fruit to brought out some small, carefully cut pieces, and gave them to his smaller siblings who had not been at the meal - and to Tokani and his mother. Tokani was very surprised, and managed to explain to me that these fruits were extremely rare and valuable, the children had never tasted them before, and he had only eaten one once. I indicated that they made me feel sick, and he first looked offended, and then started laughing uncontrollably.

Day 32:

Tokani and I returned to the <ship name> in the morning. After we arrived, monopods wearing plain clothing and large hats and facescarves arrived in groups of two or three. We brought each group on board when they arrived. Once on board, they took off their head coverings, and turned out to be the officials I had spoken to at the dinner the night before, plus some others who may have been scientists, engineers, or bodyguards. I asked Tokani about why they wore disguises, and he just replied "Safety" - he would not explain what the danger was, but he still has only a small vocabulary in my language so maybe he simply could not find the right words.

The monopods asked to fly, and I told them no, and showed them the damage from their guns. I showed them the broken part, and an undamaged one off the other side of the ship, and one monopod whom I am hoping is an engineer took both pieces and started studying them carefully. He has taken both pieces away with him.

The monopods left again as before, in disguise and in small groups, leaving at different times over a period of about an hour and heading in different directions.

Day 43:

Tokani is now able to communicate with me fairly well, with a similar vocabulary to a primary-aged child. It turns out that he is an expert in linguistics, and a polymath (there are many different languages in use on this planet). He usually teaches languages at something like a university, but when I landed he was immediately given leave from his teaching job in order to focus full-time on learning to communicate with me. Today he brought me to see some of his top students, who have already begun to study my language. I looked up a number of books for them in my archives on my computer, and have given these on a data chip to a computer expert, who has begun working on creating an interface so their computer systems can read my data chips.

Day 57:

Today the engineer returned with an almost perfect replica of the broken part. I was so happy when I saw it I unexpectedly started to cry - the fact I might actually be able to get off this planet again suddenly made me realise how much I missed talking to other humans.

However, one of the leaders was with him, and they made it clear that they would give me the part on condition that I did some jobs for them. They wish to explore their solar system.

I explained that I could do this, if they could refill my tanks with hyperspace fuel so I could return to human space afterwards. I was able to print out a chemical formula for the fuel, and the engineer also took a sample from the dregs left in my tanks and sent it with a messenger to a nearby laboratory. The engineer and I then repaired the engine while we awaited a response about the hyperspace fuel. Later that afternoon they confirmed that they do have that compound available, but as they do not use it often it is rare and expensive.

We agreed that I would take a trip to their moon in exchange for repairing my engine, and if I took a trip to the other planet in their system they would also refill my hyperspace fuel tanks.

The scientist who will accompany me to the moon came onto my ship, with 5 tonnes of sensors, and I prepared to take off.
