Suggested Content:

My boys and I have been creating a new alien species and a number of worlds, which are intended to be early game content - if the project team would like to have it. At present we've just got this as a plugin, please have a look, and if you want it (obviously with edits) we'll put it into the game code and submit a pull request.

SUMMARY OF CONTENT, WITH SPOILERS:

In the current game, all alien races are more advanced than humans. Statistically this would be improbable. This plugin fills the obvious gap, by introducing a species that is less advanced than humans (similar technology to us now) - and the player is the first human to ever make contact with them, landing on their planet and causing a similar reaction to if an alien spaceship landed on earth today. The player then helps them to develop space flight, intergalactic trading and so forth - while getting entangled in some major political problems which give rise to an interesting storyline and many jobs for the player. The whole project is envisioned to be a similar size to the Remnant storyline, at this stage the first "chapter" is written but considerably more is planned.

This is intended to be early game content, because it is at the low-tech end of the spectrum and intended to be when the player still sees human technology as fairly advanced. Once the player is getting advanced alien technology, this would be less interesting. So it is positioned to be easily discovered by the player in the early stages of the game. The obvious question of "why has nobody else discovered them before" is resolved using an "unstable wormhole" that just happens to open for the player a couple of times, but then remains locked. From then on a keystone is needed to access it - the fact that the player knows there is something there will hopefully prompt them to search for a way to get back in. The existance of a very desirable weapon is hinted at - a shield penetrating machine gun - which will give them extra incentive to try and find a way back in the hope of one day managing to acquire it.

As there has been zero previous contact with this species, this introduces a number of other questions which must be dealt with, the biggest two being language and money. 
- No translator is available, so this is an additional hurdle. The first contact mission solves this in a very realistic way similar to actual first-contact experiences of explorers & missionaries (unfortunately meaning this stopover is said to last longer than one day, although this time does not pass in the game calendar, a slight break with game mechanics that most players won't notice). Self-taught translators quickly arise, but initially have a realistically poor grasp of human language. 
- The society has never heard of credits, and does not trust them (honestly, electronic money is a weird idea). They prefer to pay the player in physical money. This allows (brief) mention of sound money, fiat money and cryptocurrency, ultimately resulting in credits being adopted for trading with the player.

There are two groups among the aliens, and in keeping with the philosophy of the game each has a "convincing narrative for why they are the good guys and their enemies are the bad guys".

The story so far goes from first contact, through a major political crisis, to a stage where these worlds are open for regular trade with human space.

The wormhole is accessed from Free Worlds space and the storyline involves interaction with Southbound Shipyards and Kraz Cybernetics - these have been specifically chosen after considering all options for reasons I can elaborate if you're interested, and the storylines have been written to fit in with the perceived needs of these businesses and to make sense either before, during or after the human war. If there are any clashes caused by this interaction that we haven't noticed please say. The actual systems are between the Graveyard and Coalition space, but can be shifted anywhere else if that is in the way.

Please let us know if this is something you would like for the game - with edits as required of course, this is a first draft. We'll only keep developing it if you want it!
