start "GW Dev G1"
	name "GW Dev"
	description `Start in the [galaxy 1] of Galactic War mod for testing purpose and because I'm lazy.`
	thumbnail "land/sivael1"
	date 16 11 3013
	system "Sector Dels"
	planet "Thing"
	conversation "GW Developer Start"
	account
		credits 99999999999999
		score 800
	set "license: Pilot's"
	set "license: City-Ship"
	set "license: Coalition"
	set "license: Heliarch"
	set "license: Kakaima"
	set "license: Dels Commander"
	set "license: Dels Admiral"
	set "license: Kager Lergen"
	set "license: Militia"
	set "license: Navy Auxiliary"
	set "license: Navy Carrier"
	set "license: Navy Cruiser"
	set "license: Navy"
	set "license: Remnant Capital"
	set "license: Remnant"
	set "license: Unfettered Militia"
	set "license: Wanderer Military"
	set "license: Wanderer Outfits"
	set "license: Wanderer"
	set "GW Dev start"



conversation "GW Developer Start"
	`Name:`
	name
	`test`
	
start "GW Dels 1"
	name "[WIP]Galactic War: Dels Officer"
	description `Start in the [galaxy 1] of Galactic War mod in Dels space.`
	description `	You're a young Dels once a mere officer among the dozens abroad a carrier, following strict orders with no freedom of your own. After years you've finally collected enough money to purchase your own ship.`
	thumbnail "land/space6"
	date 10 5 3013
	system "Vobeelee"
	planet "Delro"
	conversation "GW Dels Start 1"
	account
		credits 1560000
		score 800
	set "license: Dels Officer"
	set "GW Dels start"
	set "GW Dels start: officer"
	set "language: Dels"
	set "Intro [0]: declined"




conversation "GW Dels Start 1"
	`After years of preparation, you finally got called for your request to transfer into a free officer, where you are allowed to have more freedom choosing how to operate and choosing your own route within the laws and regulation. You arrived at the head of personnel management's office right on time. With a silent whoosh the automatic door slid open before you as you enter the room feeling the change in atmosphere reminding you of the first time you applied to be an officer...`
	`	"So you want to become a free officer." the man says as he leans back on his chair, eyes locked to the monitor. "I'll remind you again, with more freedom comes with greater responsibility. You will report activity every week, get your ship condition check as your engineer suggest, and report in immediately if you're called.". "Yes." You said in agreement. "Please scan your hand on the screen if you're aware and agree to your new terms." he taps his side of the screen a few times.`
	`	The screen facing you turns on displaying a blue circle with a label "Hand here.". You did as instructed. The circle slowly shifts to red and beeped twice displaying your name on the screen....`
	name
	`"Congratulations, Captain <first>. From this second on you're officially a free officer of the Kaote Navy. From now on you're free to own and operate your own ship and go your own way." He says glacing at you for a second before going back to his monitor.`
	`	You tapped your tail on the floor three times to signal him that you're leaving. He knocked the table rapidly three times acknowledging and confirming it is done.`
	`	Leaving the head of personnel management office relived. The procedure was surprisngly fast for such a change in role, compared to the time you spent preparing and getting qualifications in the past years.`
	
mission "GW Dels Start" #Option to input some map data from experience?
	invisible
	landing
	to offer
		has "GW Dels start: officer"
	on offer 
		event "GW Dels start swizzle"
		conversation
			`You get into your new ship and find the manual kept in a storage inside the cockpit. You get a nostalgic feeling of when you first got assigned to a carrier, remembering how you spent most of your freetime reading the manuals to make sure you don't mess anything up.`
			`	After getting used to the controls and the position of each important buttons and screens you powerup the engines and fly it to an empty landing pad. While you're used to the busy and stressful environment of the carrier bridge you can barely keep up with all the things going on around this busy spaceport.`
			`	You eventually touch down on an empty landing pad and have a break taking a look at all the features of the ship. You noted that the star map is empty, perhaps you can try to key in some system you noted down from your time working in the bridge of a carrier, or you start fresh and explore the unknown again now on your own.`
			choice
				`	(Key in some system you recall)`
				`	(Don't)`
					decline
			`	You manually keyed in some system you recall into the map, mostly around where your previous fleet operated. It seems to take a while for the data to be completely loaded into the navigation system, it should be ready to use after take off.` #Engine limitation.
				accept
	on accept
		event "GW Dels officer map reveal"

event "GW Dels start swizzle"
	government "Escort"
		swizzle 0

event "GW Dels officer map reveal"
	visit Heukao
	visit Veukeeo
	visit Koedee
	visit Deloco
	visit "Fee Lo"
	visit Keedulva
	visit Morcolor
	visit Todelbe
	visit Huadinee
	visit Ordelukor
	visit Mokugea
	visit Medokle
	visit Ukeldor
	visit Leudan
	visit Mukkaedu
	visit Dobareen
	visit Mudeula