category "outfit"
	"Summons"
	
outfit "Outcrop Comm Station"
	category "Summons"
	"outfit space" -4
	"mass" 4
	cost 200000
	"operating costs" 250
	"required crew" 1
	outcrop 1
	thumbnail "outfit/license"
	description "A single-man terminal and relay for interfacing with and operating a Mechsummon Outcrop-class vessel. Outcrops are hardy interceptors, designed to be cheap, reliable, and easily replaceable."
	description "Mechsummon's terminals are designed to make running a fleet as easy as possible. The drone ships they control are not only self-managing, but self-replacing in the event of combat casualty or accident. However, a remote human operation crew is required in compliance with interstellar law."
	description "To simplify logistics, a maximum of 12 Outcrops may be recruited at a time."
	
outfit "Cliff Comm Station"
	category "Summons"
	"outfit space" -7
	"mass" 7
	cost 1000000
	"operating costs" 700
	"required crew" 2
	cliff 1
	thumbnail "outfit/license"
	description "A two-man terminal and relay for interfacing with and operating a Mechsummon Cliff-class vessel. Cliffs are highly mobile light gunboats armed with long-ranged particle cannons, intended for use as hit and run gunners."
	description "Mechsummon's terminals are designed to make running a fleet as easy as possible. The drone ships they control are not only self-managing, but self-replacing in the event of combat casualty or accident. However, a remote human operation crew is required in compliance with interstellar law."
	description "To simplify logistics, a maximum of 10 Cliffs may be recruited at a time."

outfit "Fissure Comm Station"
	category "Summons"
	"outfit space" -22
	"mass" 22
	cost 20000000
	"operating costs" 25000
	"required crew" 3
	fissure 1
	thumbnail "outfit/license"
	description "A set of terminals and relays for the Mechsummon's fearsome Fissure-class gunship. Fissures are heavy, no-compromise capital ships, designed to blitz targets with intense frontal firepower. While stiting comfortably behind its thick shields and armor."
	description "Mechsummon's terminals are designed to make running a fleet as easy as possible. The drone ships they control are not only self-managing, but self-replacing in the event of combat casualty or accident. However, a remote human operation crew is required in compliance with interstellar law."
	description "To simplify logistics, a maximum of 6 Fissures may be recruited at a time."


outfit "Cape Comm Station"
	category "Summons"
	"outfit space" -20
	"mass" 20
	cost 15000000
	"operating costs" 12500
	"required crew" 5
	cape 1
	thumbnail "outfit/license"
	description "A set of terminals and relays for interfacing with a Mechsummon Cape-class carrier and its fleet of Speleothem fighters and Nook drones. Because of the complexity of operating a carrier, multiple staff are required for safe operation."
	description "Mechsummon's terminals are designed to make running a fleet as easy as possible. The drone ships they control are not only self-managing, but self-replacing in the event of combat casualty or accident. However, a remote human operation crew is required in compliance with interstellar law."
	description "To simplify logistics, a maximum of 8 Capes may be recruited at a time."

outfit "Cove Comm Station"
	category "Summons"
	"outfit space" -32
	"mass" 32
	cost 35000000
	"operating costs" 30000
	"required crew" 8
	cove 1
	thumbnail "outfit/license"
	description "A set of terminals and relays for interfacing with a Mechsummon Cove-class carrier and its fleet of Speleothem fighters and Nook drones. Coves are very heavy carriers that support large complements; one Cove can nearly fulfill the role of two Capes, but the resultant terminal is far larger and more expensive as a result."
	description "Mechsummon's terminals are designed to make running a fleet as easy as possible. The drone ships they control are not only self-managing, but self-replacing in the event of combat casualty or accident. However, a remote human operation crew is required in compliance with interstellar law."
	description "To simplify logistics, a maximum of 4 Coves may be recruited at a time."
